 A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!!!
 Comrade Kamala Harris, who allowed almost 14,000 MURDERERS to freely and openly roam our Country, is now making a Speech in Douglas, Arizona, trying to say she did an OK job with the Border. She didn’t! She is the Worst Vice President in History, and the Worst Border Czar in History, and people are dying every day because of her. SHE HAS GOT BLOOD ON HER HANDS!
 Did Tampon Tim just say he has “become friends with school shooters?” He isn’t even qualified to be Governor, let alone Vice President. Walz and Kamala DO NOT HAVE WHAT IT TAKES!
 Join me live from the Southern Border in Arizona at 2:30pmEDT. Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @realAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v5by1cy-live-president-trump-in-montezuma-pass-az.html
 Too many “Thank yous,” too rapidly said, what’s going on with her?
 Will see you tonight at 6:00PM Eastern in The Bronx! Join me live on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @RealAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v4wu1n2-president-trump-in-bronx-ny.html
- End Catch and Release- Restore Remain in Mexico- Bring back Title 42- Ban Sanctuary Cities- Begin the largest decoration operation in American history- Close the border- Stop the invasion- Defend our territory.WE WILL NOT BE CONQUERED. WE WILL RECLAIM OUR SOVEREIGNTY.
….“Federal Campaign Finance laws are an incumbent protection measure that makes it too hard for challengers to knock off incumbents who have much higher name id and who have franking privileges which allow them unlimited free correspondence with their constituents through the mail. That it is not to mention the power of incumbents to steer pork-barrel spending back to their own states and districts so that they will be endlessly re-elected….
….“However, unlike the prosecutors in this case, we will not simply lob a charge and then expect friendly audiences to accept it unquestioningly. Unlike the prosecutors, we plan to prove our case; at least, as much as we can in an editorial. The evidence is so exhaustive it could fill a book. But we will try to summarize it as far as possible. Start with Judge Juan Merchan’s infamous ‘gag order,’ a blatant and arguably unconstitutional attack on President Trump’s free speech rights, and which Trump is suing Merchan over…In the course of the trial, Merchan has denied Trump the right to attend a Supreme Court hearing on his claims of presidential immunity and even initially denied him the right to attend his own son’s high school graduation. Gratuitous and nasty though these decisions were, however, they pale in comparison to Merchan’s more substantively dangerous rulings….
….“It is important to remember that a gag order is a prior restraint on speech. The First Amendment prohibits prior restraints except in the most extraordinary circumstances, in which important countervailing interests are at stake. In New York Times Co. v. U.S. (1971), the Pentagon Papers case, the Supreme Court rejected such claims by the government and allowed the media to publish sensitive classified information…The marketplace of ideas shouldn’t allow one candidate to take unfair advantage of a questionable conviction while the other candidate has one hand tied behind his back by a questionable gag order. Voters who haven’t yet made up their minds, and who might be influenced by what both Messrs. Biden and Trump have to say about the fairness of the conviction, should consider filing friend-of-the-court briefs so that the justices can consider their interests as well as Mr. Trump’s…The politicization of the courts poses a threat to due process and the rule of law.”
….“The First Amendment Freedom of Speech Clause also rules out of order Alvin Bragg's argument that Trump defrauded American voters by preventing them from hearing about Trump's affaire with Stormy Daniels. Theories as broad as this one is, of ‘defrauding voters’ would end up eliminating the freedom of speech in American elections…There was thus no predicate crime that Trump could have been concealing when he allegedly altered business records at The Trump Organization. Trump's convictions in the Manhattan trial are unconstitutional because they violate the First Amendment as it was originally understood….
….“Thirdly, Merchan allowed the prosecution to charge Trump with a misdemeanor crime which has long been considered dead due to its vague character. Fourthly, Merchan allowed the jury to convict Trump not because he specifically intended to defraud anyone, but rather because of a ‘general intent’ to defraud ‘any person or entity.’ In other words, even if he didn’t falsify anything in this case, if you think Donald Trump is a lying liarpants, you can still convict him because of his ‘general intent.” Is it any wonder that Trump was convicted on all 34 counts, on this basis?….
….For them to do this immediately after our Supreme Court Victory on Immunity and more, is shocking. I’ve also been informed by my attorneys, that you’re not even allowed to bring cases literally right before an Election – A direct assault on Democracy! This is an unprecedented abuse of the Criminal Justice System. The case has to do with “Conspiracy to Obstruct the 2020 Presidential Election,” when they are the ones that did the obstructing of the Election, not me. They cheated on the Election, and they go after me for “cheating on the Election.” Interestingly, this comes at the exact same time as Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook has admitted to concealing massive amounts of information, such as Hunter Biden’s Laptop from Hell, which is a direct acknowledgment that the 2020 Presidential Election was MANIPULATED and RIGGED by the DOJ. What they are doing now is the single greatest sabotage of our Democracy in History….
….I had the safest Border in history, built hundreds of miles of Wall, and then Crooked Joe Biden came along and ruined it, making it one of the worst human catastrophes ever in our Country. John and I will correct this situation, and fast! He is strong on crime, will protect our great Military/Vets, and will always defend our under siege Second Amendment. John McGuire has my Complete and Total Endorsement! I will be doing a TeleRally for John at 6 PM ET on Monday. MAGA2024
….I had the safest Border in History, built hundreds of miles of Wall, and then Crooked Joe Biden came along and ruined it, making it one of the worst human catastrophes ever in our Country’s History. John and I will correct this situation, and fast! He is strong on crime, will protect our great Military/Vets, lower Taxes, and will always defend our under siege Second Amendment. VIRGINIA, GET OUT AND VOTE FOR JOHN MCGUIRE TOMORROW - HE HAS MY COMPLETE AND TOTAL ENDORSEMENT! MAGA2024
….In addition to the Democrats’ Cruel War on The Little Sisters of the Poor, Kamala led the way on the UNCONSCIONABLE and UNCONSTITUTIONAL ATTACKS on The Knights of Columbus that amounted to a RELIGIOUS TEST (Very anti-Catholic!) for Justices on the Supreme Court. Also, who can forget the flagrant, in-your-face “TRANSGENDER DAY OF VISIBILITY” Kamala and Biden hosted at the White House on Easter Sunday (of all days!). Regardless, I will see everyone on October 17th, and we will have a GREAT night for Catholic Charities. It’s sad that Kamala doesn’t care about these good works, but with her History of anti-Catholic actions, she would have a hard time anyway!
….In my First Term, we achieved Major Successes to protect American Workers by negotiating Free and Fair Trade Deals, passing the USMCA (U.S./Mexico/Canada), and giving Businesses and their Workers the tools to thrive. We also invested heavily in Education and Job Training programs for those who wish to expand upon their abilities, and be successful in an Industry that they love. We were an Economic Powerhouse, all because of the American Worker! But Kamala and Biden have undone all of that. When I return to the White House, we will continue upon our Successes by creating an Environment that ensures ALL Workers, and Businesses, have the opportunity to prosper and achieve their American Dream. We will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
….No Presidential Candidate, or Candidate for any Office, has ever had to put up with all of this Lawfare and Weaponization directly out of the Office of a Political Opponent. They’ve Weaponized local D.A.s and Attorney Generals, and anybody else that will listen, to Interfere with the upcoming 2024 Presidential Election - Never been done before. This is now Kamala’s Weaponized System against her Political Opponent. All of these Scams will fail, just as Deranged Jack’s Hoax in Florida has been fully dismissed, and we will win the Most Important Election in the History of our Country on November 5th. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
….There is no one in America who would go through what he is going through for us. Not one person, and President Trump is the only one that can give us our Country back - A Secure Border, deport the Criminals, lock up the Terrorists, bring Law and Order back to our Communities, bring down Inflation, strengthen our Military, make us Energy Independent again, and put an end to this Woke Culture that doesn’t bring us together, but only divides us, and so much more…No matter what they throw at him, he just won’t quit because he knows the future of our Nation is at risk…No President in History has been attacked more than him, and he’s standing firm for you and me…THE ONLY WAY TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IS TO ELECT PRESIDENT TRUMP ONCE AGAIN TO THE WHITE HOUSE!”
….to search his home, the denial of 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th, 6th and 8th amendment rights denying him free speech, due process, equal protection, attorney-client privilege, competent representation, imposing hugely excessive fines and denying him a jury trial, judges cutting corners and rushing cases before the election, judges with obvious conflicts of interest overseeing cases and the effective suspension of judicial rules of professional conduct, the leaking of his tax returns, multiple efforts to remove him from state presidential ballots…denying him executive privilege protection, the use of grand juries in overwhelmingly hostile cities, bar and criminal attacks on his lawyers, etc…By terrorizing Trump they hope to terrorize you. This is typical of an autocracy.”
…Given Politico was reporting six months ago about Biden’s anger at the pace of his DOJ’s prosecution of Trump, does anyone believe his special counsel, Jack Smith, was not aware of such presidential displeasure and pressure? Note Smith had petitioned and was denied an unusual request to the court to speed up the course of his Trump indictment. And why would Biden’s own attorney general, Merrick Garland, select such an obvious partisan as Smith? Remember, in his last tenure as special counsel, Smith had previously gone after popular Republican and conservative Virginia Gov. Bob MacDonald. Yet Smith’s politicized persecution of the innocent McDonnell was reversed by a unanimous verdict of the U.S. Supreme Court. That rare court unanimity normally should have raised a red flag to the Biden DOJ about both Smith’s partiality and his incompetence…
“…I will say I’ve been lucky enough with the unique honor to spend time with President Trump and his family. From the first time I met President Trump and his remarkable wife Melania, I realized how much we have been lied to about him. He is nothing like how the media portrayed he would be. Respectful, kind, caring, hilarious, a CRAZY good golfer (he beat me by a long shot!), and the most resilient human I’ve ever met. Also he has raised incredible children which says a lot about him as a father. He has been attacked more than any president in our history and he’s still standing! That’s the type of man we need leading our country, growing our economy, and keeping us safe. As Justin Quiles said yesterday, he’s no one’s puppet! Millions around the world don’t have the privilege to vote so please register to vote no matter who you choose. It’s an honor and our duty  For me, #trump2024”
“‘Vindicating Trump’: The Number-One Political Virtue Needed Right Now Is Courage and Trump Has That in Spades” https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2024/09/25/dinesh-dsouzas-vindicating-trump-the-number-one-political-virtue-needed-right-now-is-courage-and-trump-has-that-in-spades/
“ABC NEWS FACT-CHECKED TRUMP WITH FAKE TALKING POINTS”
“ABC NEWS SPENT DEBATE ATTEMPTING TO DISCREDIT TRUMP” — THEY FAILED!
“As the nation’s oldest and largest law enforcement labor organization, the FOP’s presidential endorsement is one of the most sought-after endorsements by candidates running for the presidency…The FOP is the number one voice of America’s law enforcement. We have a responsibility to our members, to the 800,000 sworn law enforcement officers in the United States, and to the communities they serve to do our part in determining the direction in which our country will head." President Patrick YoesNational Fraternal Order of Police https://www.foxnews.com/politics/fraternal-order-police-endorses-trump-president-blast-harris-defunder-crime-wave
“As we look toward the future and the challenges that lie ahead, we must come together around the principles of liberty, justice, and patriotism. By uniting in our common goals, we can create a brighter and more promising future for all.” -Melania Trump
“BIDENOMICS IS WORKING”KAMALA HARRIS “BIDENOMICS—BAD FOR AMERICA”
“CNN Poll: US economy receives its best ranking in nearly 20 years” https://www.cnn.com/2019/12/20/politics/cnn-poll-economy-2020-matchups/index.html
“CROOKED JOE BIDEN VS. PRESIDENT TRUMP ON SOCIAL SECURITY” https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
“CROOKED JOE BIDEN VS. PRESIDENT TRUMP ON SOCIAL SECURITY” https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
“DEMOCRATS HIDE UNSCRIPTED KAMALA”
“DEMOCRATS HIDE UNSCRIPTED KAMALA”
“Democrats should be furious that this has been going on…”
"EVERYONE WAS BETTER OFF, WE HAD THE GREATEST ECONOMY IN HISTORY." - President @realDonaldTrump
“Ex-Soros Investing Chief Bessent Bets on ‘Trump Rally’ Ahead of US Election” https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-02-01/ex-soros-cio-bessent-bets-on-trump-rally-ahead-of-us-election
“EXCLUSIVE: DONALD TRUMP OPENS UP BIG (10 POINT) LEAD IN OUR ELECTION MODEL” https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-13890931/Donald-Trump-opens-big-lead-election-model-Kamala-Harris-best-weeks-27-000-voters-decide-wins.html
“HOME BUILDING COSTS HAMMERED BY INFLATION”
“If his name was not Donald Trump, and if he wasn’t running for President…I’m the former AG in New York—I’m telling you that case would have never been brought…”
"If we don't embrace crypto and Bitcoin technology, China will, other countries will, and China will dominate." - President @realDonaldTrump #Bitcoin2024
“In many respects, our entire constitutional republic is on trial. We're facing very dark times in the future of the American Republic.” https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
“JOE BIDEN IS THE PROBLEM”
“JOE BIDEN IS THE PROBLEM”
"Kamala Harris has been caught red-handed...For three and half years, Harris shamelessly lied to the public to cover up Joe's mental unfitness." - President @realDonaldTrump
“Kamala Harris was basically a National Joke until there was an explosion of media propaganda on her behalf about 35 days ago when the Democrats imposed her on the Party and the Country without having a single vote and one of the reasons is because every time she spoke off script as Vice President it was a gigantic embarrassment!” Glenn Greenwald on Jesse Watters Primetime
“KAMALA HARRIS’ RADICAL POSITIONS”
“KAMALA PUT VIOLENT ILLEGALS—CONVICTED FELONS BACK ONTO THE STREETS.”
“KAMALA’S NEW PRICE CONTROL POLICY RAISES ALARMS OVER SIMILARITIES TO COMMUNIST MEASURES”
“LAWFARE INSTEAD OF A CAMPAIGN”
“LAWFARE!!!”
“LAWFARE!!!”
“MIGRANTS ATTEMPT TO BOARD SCHOOL BUS”
“MY NAME IS JADE…I AM A FORMER DEMOCRAT…”
"My values have not changed."Kamala's "values" — ENDING CASH BAIL Will CNN ask Comrade Kamala about being a “leader” in the push to “get rid of the cash bail system in America”?Her words — not ours!
“NEW: Kamala Harris has completely changed her position on the 2nd Amendment in less than 72 hours.During the debate on Tuesday, Kamala Harris blasted Trump after he said she wanted to take people's firearms away.Harris told Trump to ‘stop lying’ and said she wasn't going to take ‘anybody's’ firearms away.Less than 72 hours later during an interview with ABC News, Harris revealed she *does* support taking people's firearms away, announcing her plan for an ‘assault weapon’ ban.Harris has also voiced her support for mandatory buybacks in the past.” Via Collin Rugg
"On Election Day, we are going to tell her that we've had enough! YOU'RE FIRED!!" - President @RealDonaldTrump
"One of Crooked Joe's most DESTRUCTIVE moves yet is the lawless executive action he's taking today...MASS AMNESTY." - President @realDonaldTrump
“Playing the Ref” with Justice Alito doesn’t work. It works with many others, but not with him!
“President Trump is most trusted on every single one of the issues most important to voters this election — which is the economy, inflation, immigration and crime. Kamala Harris has been the incumbent...Her 'Day One' was 3.5 years ago."
“President Trump made our ECONOMY great once—He’s ready to do it again!” https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
“President Trump’s appearance at the convention was historic. Saturday’s speech marked the first time that a President of the United States addressed the convention, and he noted that he was there in the spirit of unity.” https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/crowd-goes-crazy-when-trump-quotes-founding-father-give-me-liberty-or-give-me-death/
"She (Harris) supports mandatory gun confiscation...The problem is they won't take them away from the bad guys." - President @realDonaldTrump
“Silicon Valley billionaire David Sacks tells Primetime why he’s throwing his weight (and money) behind Trump.”
“The 4 reasons Harris is losing” https://thehill.com/opinion/campaign/4929051-the-4-reasons-harris-is-losing/
“The American people saw the Biden Trials for what they are, a Political Hoax and Election-Interfering attempt to keep President Trump away from voters and confined to a freezing courtroom, THE ICEBOX. Based on these record contribution numbers, and Polling, it didn’t work because voters understand the clear contrast between Donald J. Trump’s record of success, and Joe Biden’s failures,” said RNC Chairman Michael Whatley and Co-Chairman Lara Trump. “Unfortunately for Democrats, their rigged political operation has backfired in a historic way, and Republicans are in a stronger position than to FIRE Crooked Joe Biden and Make America Great Again by electing President Trump on November 5.”
"The fact is, Joe Biden is not getting the job done for the Bronx...for New York, and he's not getting the job done for America. He is incompetent." - President @realDonaldTrump
"THE ONLY INDUSTRY THAT'S FLOURISHED OVER THE LAST 4 YEARS IS HUMAN TRAFFICKING AND DRUGS." - Bob GOYA@realdonaldtrump
“The United States Postal Service is not prepared for this massive influx of Ballots.” CNN
"THEY JUST KEEP COMING!" @BenBergquam interviews Trump supporters in line to get into today's rally in AZ! @TBatesRAV
“This is not a naive trust — it’s a trust based on a track record,” said Texas megachurch pastor Robert Jeffress, an enthusiastic Trump supporter. “I think what evangelicals agree with is his general narrative that America would be better off if we return to our Judeo-Christian roots. What that looks like — people are willing to give him great leeway on how it would be implemented.”
“Trump Campaign Launches ‘Believers for Trump’ Coalition, Believers and Ballots Program” https://www.donaldjtrump.com/news/c323a259-ab5d-4d81-9367-3f23fd402ef5
“Trump Credits Success of His NFTs for Change of Heart on Bitcoin and Crypto” https://decrypt.co/249755/trump-credits-nfts-change-of-heart-bitcoin-crypto
“TRUMP ON THE GROWING FENTANYL CRISIS”
“TRUMP SHOOTER HAD FOREIGN ENCRYPTED ACCOUNTS”
“TRUMP WAS RIGHT ABOUT EVERYTHING!” https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
“TRUMP WON—KAMALA LOST”
“TRUMP WON—KAMALA LOST”
“TRUMP, BIDEN SET TO SQUARE OFF IN CNN PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE ON THURSDAY.” A MUST WATCH! DJT
"Under my leadership, we created half a million manufacturing jobs in three short years." - President @realDonaldTrump
“Upon my inauguration, we will throw out Bidenomics and replace it with MAGANOMICS!” — President Trump in Detroit, MIWATCH LIVE:  https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/live-president-trump-speaks-at-the-peoples-convention-in-detroit-6-15-24/
“WALZ HAS STRANGE CONNECTIONS WITH CHINA”
“WALZ OF SHAME: SCANDALS PILE UP FOR VP PICK”
“We are moved by the outpouring of support for President Donald J. Trump. The American people saw right through Crooked Joe Biden’s rigged trial, and sent Biden and Democrats a powerful message – the REAL verdict will come on November 5th,” said Trump Campaign senior advisers Chris LaCivita and Susie Wiles. “President Trump raised $141 million in small donations alone this month because Americans remember the Roaring Economy, Secure Border, and Peace through Strength at home and abroad under President Donald J. Trump, and want us to return to prosperity and success when he is re-elected in November.”
“We have a thousand trillionaires in America." Crooked Joe Biden
“WERLS ON THE 2024 ELECTION”
“When I return to the White House, I will once again aggressively defend religious freedom in all of its forms.” — President Trump in D.C.WATCH LIVE:  https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/donald-trump/live-president-trump-keynotes-the-faith-and-freedom-coalitions-road-to-majority-6-22-24/
"When we heard that Biden was just going to be flying around. As our president, where is that guidance. You're supposed to be here helping us with this. It's almost a sense of abandonment."
@ERICTRUMP: “WELL LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, YOU’RE ARE AT THE RIGHT RALLY!” https://rumble.com/v5jl40t-live-president-trump-in-concord-nc.html Join me LIVE in Concord, North Carolina at 7:00PM EDT. Will be on @RSBN, @realAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon! LIVE LINK: https://rumble.com/v5jl40t-live-president-trump-in-concord-nc.html
@realDonaldTrump #Sprokspeak #MAGATRUMPVANCE24 #PHPnews
@RSBN is doing a phenomenal job covering today’s rally in Aurora, Colorado! Tune in now at: https://rumble.com/v5i6xxw-live-president-trump-holds-a-rally-in-aurora-co-101124.html
#Latest Nate Silver's forecast (chance of winning)August 23 Harris: 53.5% Trump: 46.1%September 6 Trump: 61.5%  Harris: 38.3%——Swing States: chance of winning Pennsylvania -  Trump 62-38%Michigan -  Trump 52-48%Wisconsin -  Trump 52-48%Arizona -  Trump 75-25%North Carolina -  Trump 74-26%Georgia -  Trump 67-33%Nevada -  Trump 59-41%——@polymarket odds Trump: 53% Harris: 45%Polymarket  swing states odds https://t.co/rDzcdHGsvA
100 DAYS OUT! JOIN THE FIGHT AT https://TRUMPFORCE47.com/.
100% TRUE! Harris a grave threat to Israelhttps://www.jpost.com/opinion/article-814286?utm_source=jpost.app.apple&utm_medium=share
12-year-old Jocelyn Nungaray was viciously murdered by two illegal aliens released into our country by Kamala Harris just two months prior.She would be alive today if Kamala had done her job.Listen to her family's gut wrenching story.
2024 is our final battle. With your help, we will demolish the Deep State, we will expel the warmongers from our government, we will drive out the globalists, we will cast out the Communists, Marxists, and Fascists, we will throw off the sick political class that hates our country, we will Drain the Swamp, and we will rescue our country from these tyrants and villains once and for all. The Great Liberation of America Begins on November 5th, 2024—And the Forgotten Man and Woman Will Be Forgotten No Longer! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
2024 is our final battle. With your help, we will demolish the Deep State, we will expel the warmongers from our government, we will drive out the globalists, we will cast out the Communists, Marxists, and Fascists, we will throw off the sick political class that hates our country, we will Drain the Swamp, and we will rescue our country from these tyrants and villains once and for all. The Great Liberation of America Begins on November 5th, 2024—And the Forgotten Man and Woman Will Be Forgotten No Longer! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
23-year-old Melvindale Police Officer Mohamed Said, a true American hero, was gunned down by a suspect he was pursuing last Saturday. Dearborn Police Chief Issa Shahin described Officer Said as a “kind soul who proudly served the residents of Melvindale.” The men and women of law enforcement deserve our respect for the selfless job they do every day serving our communities. Pray for Officer Said, his family, and all law enforcement!
25 days from now, we are going to WIN Nevada, we are going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
9 years ago today, the escalator ride that changed the world.Defender of the forgotten men & womenAmerica First warriorRelentless fighter against the corrupt regimeMan of & for the peopleWe need him now more than ever https://youtu.be/Z--HDpNMDqQ?si=kUAUy3RHmB1ni0Aw
9/18/2024 | NEW YORK https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
A beautiful evening in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania—THANK YOU! PART II of Hannity’s Town Hall will air tonight at 9:00PM Eastern—MAGA2024!!! https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/donald-trump-news/trump-vows-to-heal-our-world-during-fired-up-hannity-town-hall/
A beautiful evening in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania—THANK YOU! PART II of Hannity’s Town Hall will air tonight at 9:00PM Eastern—MAGA2024!!! https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/donald-trump-news/trump-vows-to-heal-our-world-during-fired-up-hannity-town-hall/
A few weeks ago, the Chinese Electric Vehicle battery company that Michigan Democrats support, Gotion, claimed that I support its EV battery plant planned for Northern Michigan. That is not true. The Gotion plant would be very bad for the State and our Country. It would put Michiganders under the thumb of the Chinese Communist Party in Beijing. I AM 100% OPPOSED! As your President, I will make America’s Auto Industry bigger and stronger than it has ever been before, PROTECT American Workers, and TERMINATE the Green New Scam.
A giant Fake News Scam by CBS & 60 Minutes. Her REAL ANSWER WAS CRAZY, OR DUMB, so they actually REPLACED it with another answer in order to save her or, at least, make her look better. A FAKE NEWS SCAM, which is totally illegal. TAKE AWAY THE CBS LICENSE. Election Interference. She is a Moron, and the Fake News Media wants to hide that fact. An UNPRECEDENTED SCANDAL!!! The Dems got them to do this and should be forced to concede the Election? WOW!
A Great and Talented Artist and Entertainer, Vanessa Horabuena!
A GREAT DAY IN NEW MEXICO, NEVADA, AND ARIZONA—THANK YOU! With your VOTE this November, we are going to Fire Kamala, and we are going to SAVE AMERICA! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
A great interview this morning with Tom Dupree, Former Deputy Asst Attorney General—A must watch!
A MESSAGE FOR ALL MEXICAN AMERICANS. Sound of Freedom director Eduardo Verastegui  @EVerastegui thanks President @realDonaldTrump for listening to the Latino community. He also gives a passionate message to voters! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBaSwQV6Jmw
A MUST WATCH: “Declassified with Julie Kelly”
A MUST WATCH!
A smart, strong, and compassionate leader of a wonderful Country, Hungary. Great job, Viktor!!! DJT
A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for failure, surrender, and disaster for our Country. A vote for President Trump is a vote for stopping Joe Biden’s inflation, stopping the border invasion, and Making America Great Again!
ABC FAKE NEWS, ONE OF THE WORST IN AMERICA!
Abortion has dropped way down as an issue. States are already giving it to the PEOPLE to Vote, which is what everyone wanted. Like Ronald Reagan, I believe in the EXCEPTIONS for Rape, Incest, and the Life of the Mother. Many States are already done, others are moving to a vote now. A 52 year contentious issue will finally be coming to a close. The focus now is on the broken Border, Inflation and the Economy!
Alina Garcia has done an incredible job in the Florida State House, delivering lasting results for Florida families. Now, Alina is running to be Miami Dade's Supervisor of Elections, and will fight hard to secure our Elections, and protect Voters’ Rights. Alina Garcia has my Complete and Total Endorsement - SHE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
All Biden can do is talk about his WEAPONIZED Witch Hunt Trials against me because his administration has been such a failure.  Never happened in our Country before!
American Hindu Coalition Georgia Chapter: “The Make America Great Again movement has always been characterized by the principles of strength through unity and by welcoming Americans from all walks of life, regardless of their ethnic, cultural, or religious backgrounds…There is no place for hate or division in our pursuit of Making America Great Again. We will continue to move forward together, standing united in our goal to build a strong, secure, and prosperous America for all of our citizens – and we will never be deterred by those who seek to sow discord among us or divide from within.”
Americans can’t afford Biden net-zero agendahttps://www.washingtonexaminer.com/restoring-america/courage-strength-optimism/3071378/americans-cant-afford-biden-net-zero-agenda/
An interview by Tucker Carlson of an election expert indicates that 20% of the Mail-In Ballots in Pennsylvania are fraudulent. Here we go again! Where is the U.S. Attorney General and FBI to INVESTIGATE? Where is the Pennsylvania Republican Party? We will WIN Pennsylvania by a lot, unless the Dems are allowed to CHEAT. THE RNC MUST ACTIVATE, NOW!!!
Andrew Cherkasky: “Democrats want to see Trump prosecuted for their own lawfare benefit.” Leo Terrell: “It’s all politics. If anyone tells you otherwise, they are not a lawyer.” Alan Dershowitz: “I have observed and participated in trials throughout the world. I have seen justice and injustice in China, Russia, Ukraine, England, France, Italy, Israel, as well as in nearly 40 of our 50 states. But in my 60 years as a lawyer and law professor, I have never seen a spectacle such as the one I observed sitting in the front row of the courthouse.” Bill O’Reilly: “The State of New York's image as a place of freedom and fairness is in tatters. There is no justice in New York…There is no question New York ranks up there with Venezuela and Cuba.”
Andrew Cherkasky: “When you can't explain the crime, sometimes that's the evidence of innocence in and of its own right - When you charge them with something, and then you're waiting, and you're waiting, and you never get to it. That's the idea that the person was innocent all along.”
Andy McCarthy: “NDAs are legal. An intent to defraud cannot be derived from the performance of a legal act.”
ANGELINA: "Illegal immigration hurts black Americans, inflation hurts black Americans, and dangerous cities hurt black Americans."PRES. TRUMP: "When millions of people pour into our country, they have a devastating effect on black families and Hispanic families more than any others."
Another FAKE and STAGED photo from someone who has no clue what she is doing. You have to plug the cord into the phone for it to work! Biden and Harris abandoned Americans in Afghanistan. They sacrificed Americans to an Open Border, and now, they have left Americans to drown in North Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee, Alabama, and elsewhere in the South. Under this Administration, Americans always come last, because we have “leaders” who have no idea how to lead!
ANY MOMENT: Indiana, PA crowd is READY to hear from President TrumpWATCH LIVE:  https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/live-president-trump-holds-a-rally-in-indiana-pennsylvania-9-23-24/
ARE YOU BETTER OFF THAN YOU WERE 4 YEARS AGO? https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
As every American saw firsthand, this election is a choice between STRENGTH or WEAKNESS, COMPETENCE or INCOMPETENCE, peace and prosperity or war and no war—and it’s a choice between a president who puts AMERICA FIRST or a trainwreck who puts AMERICA LAST!
As every American saw firsthand, this election is a choice between STRENGTH or WEAKNESS, COMPETENCE or INCOMPETENCE, peace and prosperity or war and no war—and it’s a choice between a president who puts AMERICA FIRST or a trainwreck who puts AMERICA LAST!
As President-Elect, I worked with the Olympic Organizing Committee of Los Angeles in getting the 2028 Olympics to come to the United States. There was tremendous competition from other countries. President Obama refused to speak to the International Olympic Committee (perhaps because of a previous rejection by them of a proposal personally made by him!), which needed the enthusiastic support and approval of the U.S. President - Without which they would not have chosen our Country. I gave them what they wanted to hear, and got the job done! It was my great honor to do so. Hopefully I will be President, and our Country will have reached new (and record!) levels of success. SEE YOU IN 2028. Thank you!
As usual, the Democrats have pushed Misinformation, AND FAILED. It’s the only thing they’re good at - EVERYTHING ELSE THEY’RE INVOLVED IN IS DESTROYING AMERICA!
As we have been saying, the fundamentals of the race remain unchanged. Don't panic, and don't get complacent. Do the work.
As we move forward in Uniting our Nation after the horrific events on Saturday, this dismissal of the Lawless Indictment in Florida should be just the first step, followed quickly by the dismissal of ALL the Witch Hunts — The January 6th Hoax in Washington, D.C., the Manhattan D.A.’s Zombie Case, the New York A.G. Scam, Fake Claims about a woman I never met (a decades old photo in a line with her then husband does not count), and the Georgia “Perfect” Phone Call charges. The Democrat Justice Department coordinated ALL of these Political Attacks, which are an Election Interference conspiracy against Joe Biden’s Political Opponent, ME. Let us come together to END all Weaponization of our Justice System, and Make America Great Again!
ATTENTION VIRGINIAToday’s the last day to request your mail-in ballot! Vote early and let’s make it #TooBigToRig! http://vote.donaldjtrump.com/va-top-level
August 17, 2024—PENNSYLVANIA…
Auto Worker For Trump: "Chrysler and General Motors have already gone bankrupt once. If we allow electric vehicle mandates to be put on this industry by the federal government, they're going out of business again. We have to fight against that and [Trump] is the only person who will do it."
BAIER: If Trump is as bad as you claim, why is he beating you in the polls?KAMALA: It's not supposed to be a cake walk.BAIER: So are the American people misguided? Are they stupid? What is it?KAMALA: *factory resets*
Bernie Sanders just said that Kamala only changed her Marxist policy positions for the Election — She’ll change back very quickly!
Biden lost the Debate, and was down for the count, so they TOLD HIM TO GET OUT OF THE RACE, A Coup, and installed Crazy Kamala. What happens when she loses the Debate, and goes down. Will they replace her with yet another candidate??? Unprecedented disaster for the USA. A real THREAT TO DEMOCRACY!
Biden never had Covid. He is a threat to Democracy!
Big Rally tomorrow night at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL, MIAMI. Big crowd expected. Be there, will be AMAZING!
BIG WIN FOR OUR CONSTITUTION AND DEMOCRACY. PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN!
Bob Good is BAD FOR VIRGINIA, AND BAD FOR THE USA! He turned his back on our incredible Movement, and was constantly attacking and fighting me until recently, when he gave a warm and “loving” Endorsement - But really, it was too late! The damage had been done. I just want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and the person that can most help me do that is Navy Seal and highly respected State Legislator, John McGuire, a true American Hero. John, who fought the Cartels on the Front Line, and then came home and fought the drug dealers in Virginia, will ALWAYS PUT AMERICA FIRST….
Bob Good is BAD FOR VIRGINIA, AND BAD FOR THE USA. He turned his back on our incredible movement, and was constantly attacking and fighting me until recently, when he gave a warm and “loving” Endorsement - But really, it was too late. The damage had been done! I just want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and the person that can most help me do that is Navy Seal and highly respected State Legislator, John McGuire, a true American Hero. John, who fought the Cartels on the Front Line, and then came home and fought the drug dealers in Virginia, will ALWAYS PUT AMERICA FIRST. I had the safest Border in history, built hundreds of miles of Wall, and then Crooked Joe Biden came along and ruined it, making it one of the worst human catastrophes ever in our Country. John and I will correct this situation, and fast! He is strong on crime, will protect our great Military/Vets, and will always defend our under siege Second Amendment. John McGuire has my Complete and Total Endorsement! MAGA2024
Bob Good is BAD FOR VIRGINIA, AND BAD FOR THE USA. He turned his back on our incredible movement, and was constantly attacking and fighting me until recently, when he gave a warm and “loving” Endorsement - But really, it was too late. The damage had been done! I just want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and the person that can most help me do that is Navy Seal and highly respected State Legislator, John McGuire, a true American Hero. John, who fought the Cartels on the Front Line, and then came home and fought the drug dealers in Virginia, will ALWAYS PUT AMERICA FIRST. I had the safest Border in history, built hundreds of miles of Wall, and then Crooked Joe Biden came along and ruined it, making it one of the worst human catastrophes ever in our Country. John and I will correct this situation, and fast! He is strong on crime, will protect our great Military/Vets, and will always defend our under siege Second Amendment. John McGuire has my Complete and Total Endorsement! MAGA2024
Border Patrol Union: “To be clear, we never have and never will endorse Biden.”
BREAKING President Trump was just endorsed by Imam Belal Alzuhairi and other prominent leaders of Michigan's Muslim community — the most expansive, diverse coalition in political history."We, as Muslims, stand with President Trump because he promises PEACE — NOT WAR!"
BREAKING: PACKED house at President Trump’s rally in Montana! Just look at that CROWD.WATCH LIVE:  https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/live-president-donald-j-trump-to-hold-a-rally-in-bozeman-mt-8-9-24/#google_vignette
BREAKING: PRESIDENT TRUMP ANNOUNCES THAT HE WILL OFFICIALLY MAKE THE GROUND ZERO SITE A NATIONAL MONUMENT.
Brent Hagenbuch is running for Texas Senate District 30. He is a proud graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy, a successful businessman, and strong supporter of our movement to Make America Great Again. My friend, Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, needs an America First Conservative in SD-30. Brent Hagenbuch has my Complete and Total Endorsement—Texas, Get out to Vote, Tomorrow!
Bret Baier EXPOSES the Kamala campaign for pulling last minute shenanigans to try to shorten the interview and delay its release."We were supposed to start at 5 P.M. and this was the time they gave us. Originally we were going to do 25 or 30 minutes... they came in and said maybe 20. The Vice President came in around 5:15. We were pushing the envelope..."
BUTLER ON SATURDAY—HISTORIC! https://event.donaldjtrump.com/events/president-donald-j-trump-to-return-to-butler-pa
By this time next year, America’s borders will be STRONG, SEALED, and SECURE. Inflation will be in FULL RETREAT. Our economy will be roaring back. Optimism will be surging. The American Dream will be thriving again for citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed. Law and Justice will reign all throughout our land. Freedom will be restored. The flame of liberty will be burning bright. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, the worst administration in the history of our Country, will be a fading memory of the past—And our Great Silent Majority, including the once forgotten men and women of our Country, will be the ones shaping America’s magnificent future when I am the 47th president of the United States. Because we are all AMERICANS—and together, we will show November 5th to be the most important day in the history of America!
California Gov.Gavin Newsom issues exec order for removal of homeless encampmentsNow that he has endorsed Kamala Harris @KamalaHQ for President, he wants her home state to be cleaned up…That’s why he’s doing this. Political theater!https://www.kcra.com/article/gavin-newsom-executive-order-homeless-encampments-removal-california/61699597
CALIFORNIA! Early Voting is happening now! Together, we can make this election #TooBigToRig! https://vote.donaldjtrump.com/ca/
Can anyone believe that Soros backed D.A., Alvin Bragg, was able to get a DELAY of 7 days to his Corrupt and Unconstitutional Case against me, with no sequester? Legal Expense = Legal Expense! The only thing Bragg has going for him is the Corrupt and highly Conflicted Judge - Which is a lot!!!
Can anyone believe that Soros backed D.A., Alvin Bragg, was able to get a DELAY of 7 days to his Corrupt and Unconstitutional Case against me, with no sequester? Legal Expense = Legal Expense! The only thing Bragg has going for him is the Corrupt and highly Conflicted Judge - Which is a lot!!!
CAN YOU IMAGINE THAT I, AS A DEFENDANT, AM NOT ALLOWED TO REBUT OR CORRECT THE MANY LIES TOLD DURUNG THE 5 HOUR FILIBUSTER JUST PUT ON BY THE SOROS BACKED D.A.’s OFFICE IN THE MANHATTAN COURT. WHAT A DISGRACEFUL PERFORMANCE OF MISREPRESENTATION IT WAS!!!  MAGA2024
Can you imagine that Kamala got up yesterday and tried to pretend she did a good job at the BORDER, when she never even went there, and made it impossible for the great men and women of Border Patrol to properly do their jobs. She let in 14,000 STONE COLD “KILLERS.” I WILL GET THEM OUT, AND FAST!!!
Can you imagine, a President of the United States, who got more votes than any sitting President in the history of our Country, and who is also the Republican Nominee for President in the upcoming 2024 Election, and leading in all polls against the Democrat Nominee, Joe Biden, is tomorrow going before a Corrupt and Conflicted Democrat Appointed, Acting New York Judge, on a FAKE & MADE UP CASE by a Soros backed failed D.A., and the Judge himself, to see whether or not he will become a common criminal? According to virtually all Legal Scholars and Experts, THERE IS NO CRIME OR CASE against President Trump, and if there was it should have been brought seven years ago, not in the middle of his Campaign for President. Prosecutorial Misconduct. Election Interference!
CEASE & DESIST: I, together with many Attorneys and Legal Scholars, am watching the Sanctity of the 2024 Presidential Election very closely because I know, better than most, the rampant Cheating and Skullduggery that has taken place by the Democrats in the 2020 Presidential Election. It was a Disgrace to our Nation! Therefore, the 2024 Election, where Votes have just started being cast, will be under the closest professional scrutiny and, WHEN I WIN, those people that CHEATED will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the Law, which will include long term prison sentences so that this Depravity of Justice does not happen again. We cannot let our Country further devolve into a Third World Nation, AND WE WON’T! Please beware that this legal exposure extends to Lawyers, Political Operatives, Donors, Illegal Voters, & Corrupt Election Officials. Those involved in unscrupulous behavior will be sought out, caught, and prosecuted at levels, unfortunately, never seen before in our Country.
Charles Payne of Fox Business is a great and talented guy. He has launched a Website, https://www.unbreakableinvestor.com/. You should use it — A lot to be learned from Charles! Get his Best Selling Book, and also Training on how to put that knowledge to work for you. Have fun!
Charlie Hurt: “Donald Trump is probably the greatest political debater we’ve ever had in American History…”
CHARLIE HURT: “THIS IS WHY SHE LOST THE DEBATE…”
Christians must register to VOTE now. This is the last day to do so. Our Country is at stake! God Bless You All!  DONALD J. TRUMP
Colorado Republican Party Chairman Dave Williams is running for Congress in Colorado’s 5th Congressional District. His opponent is Endorsed, and works closely with, Americans for Chinese Prosperity, a Charles Koch Disaster. Dave helped us deliver a 30-point Blowout Victory on Super Tuesday, and he will help us WIN Colorado this November. In Congress, Dave will work hard to Secure the Border, Fight for Election Integrity, Support our Military/Vets, and Protect and Defend our under siege Second Amendment. Dave Williams has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Comrade Kamala Harris “is completely hiding from the press. She’s not even taking short, quick questions at the plane. It’s not normal to have a candidate running for President who is hiding from the press. Harris is copying Biden’s self-protection strategy, duck tough interviews and limit improvisational moments(Axios).” Fox & Friends, Saturday. The last thing we need for our Nation in Decline is another President who is not smart enough to answer reporters questions. We just went through that, and we don’t want to do it again!
Comrade Kamala Harris and Crooked Joe Biden are letting in THOUSANDS and THOUSANDS of Violent Murderers and Rapists into our Country. I secured the Southern Border - They have DESTROYED it. Tampon Tim is babbling and not making any sense!
Comrade Kamala Harris and her Department of Justice are trying to interfere in and suppress the Election in favor of the Democrats by resurrecting the Russia, Russia, Russia Hoax, and trying to say that Russia is trying to help me, which is absolutely FALSE. In fact, President Putin would much rather see Comrade Kamala Harris in Office, as he strongly said just this morning. Why aren’t they looking into Iran, China, & other Countries and, more importantly, why aren’t they looking at Marc Elias, Mark Pomerantz, the relationship between Lisa Monaco to Andrew Weissmann, CREW, and all of the other Enemies of the People that had such an effect on the 2020 Election, and are trying to Rig and Steal the 2024 Presidential Election. So ironic watching Lisa Monaco, a figurehead for Weissmann and the group of Radical Left Lunatics who had so much to do with the original Russia, Russia, Russia Hoax, and now she is at it again, leading A.G. Merrick Garland down an empty and Country destroying path…
COMRADE KAMALA HARRIS DOES NOTHING BUT COMPLAIN…BUT SHE IS IN THE ADMINISTRATION NOW…
Comrade Kamala Harris goes to an ultra Left Wing, Trump Hating, spice shop, which I hear has terrible, overpriced product, and calls for “unity.” As people begin to realize that she is a Marxist, FAR MORE LIBERAL than Crazy Bernie Sanders, or even Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, her poll numbers are beginning to crash. Who are they going to put in next? How about a Biden comeback?
Comrade Kamala Harris is terrible for our Country. She is a Communist, has always been a Communist, and will always be a Communist. Under her “leadership,” the USA will fail, and fail quickly. We will not let that happen!!!
Comrade Kamala Harris sees there are problems for her campaign in New Hampshire because of the fact that they disrespected it in their primary and never showed up. Additionally, the cost of living in New Hampshire is through the roof, their energy bills are some of highest in the country, and their housing market is the most unaffordable in history. I protected New Hampshire's First-In-The-Nation Primary and ALWAYS will! To my friends in New Hampshire, get out and vote TRUMP. Together, we will make your State and America Strong, Safe, and Prosperous AGAIN!
Comrade Kamala Harris, who allowed almost 14,000 MURDERERS to freely and openly roam our Country, is now making a Speech in Douglas, Arizona, trying to say she did an OK job with the Border. She didn’t! She is the Worst Vice President in History, and the Worst Border Czar in History, and people are dying every day because of her. SHE HAS GOT BLOOD ON HER HANDS!
Comrade Kamala is spending the waning days of her horrible campaign using the same old tropes to attack the most beautiful movement in American history, MAGA! Yet, it’s not working, and even her own Super PAC has screamed, “STOP!” She is incapable of talking about real issues. Instead, many Democrats are pulling the “rip-cord” on Kamala, and they are instead running ads praising TRUMP! Stay focused, everyone, and GO VOTE! https://swampthevoteusa.com/
Comrade Kamala just LOST Pennsylvania! https://www.foxnews.com/politics/unearthed-video-reiterates-harris-previous-support-fracking-ban
COMRADE KAMALA: “MY VALUES HAVE NOT CHANGED.”
COMRADE KAMALA'S MIGRANT CRIME WAVE…
Congratulations to Bobby Harshbarger, a fantastic candidate for Tennessee State Senate, who won against a long-term incumbent supported by RINO Governor Bill Lee, whose endorsement meant nothing. Bobby is a true America First Fighter, the son of very popular and effective Congresswoman Diana Harshbarger, and will fight to Secure our Border, Create Jobs, Protect our Military/Vets, and Defend our Always Under Siege 2nd Amendment. Bobby again has my Complete and Total Endorsement in the upcoming election on November 5, which he will win in a Landslide! Congratulations to the entire Harshbarger Family!
Congratulations to Bryson DeChambeau on his incredible WIN of the United States Open! He showed a toughness and inner strength, matched perfectly with his GREAT Golfing Talent, that can never be denied! Under massive pressure, he pulled off some of the greatest shots ever made, especially his spectacular sand save on the 18th Hole that gave him the Victory. “Mr. 58” has always been a WINNER, and will go on to many more Major Championships. He is a truly tough competitor, even a nasty one, but he also happens to be a great guy. The U.S.A. could not be better represented. Congratulations also to LIV Golf for their genius in signing Bryson and other of the best Golfers in the World. Hopefully Golf will soon come together as one, fully united, which is the way it should be!
Congratulations to Lydia Ko on winning the Olympic Gold Medal in Golf. I met her at Trump Turnberry in Scotland, and she is most impressive, not only with her Golf clubs, but also as a person. Way to go Lydia!
Congratulations to Mike Sapraicone on running against one of the worst Senators in the U.S. Senate, Kirsten Gillibrand. All you have to do is go back and look at her failed Presidential run, an embarrassment to all New Yorkers, after which I assumed she would never be able to even think about running for Office again. People’s memories, however, are short, and here we go! Mike is a strong and successful person, and I look forward to working with him to take New York State away from the people who have destroyed it with hundreds of thousands of Migrants flowing in, and ruining our Schools, Hospitals, Parks, and increasing Crime many fold. Good luck to Mike - He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congratulations to Nigel Farage on his big WIN of a Parliament Seat Amid Reform UK Election Success. Nigel is a man who truly loves his Country! DJT
Congratulations to our incredible former First Lady on the success of her new book, MELANIA! #1 in the USA!! Buy your copy today at https://MelaniaTrump.com/. Don’t miss tonight’s Fox News Special, MELANIA—at 10PM ET, hosted by Ainsley Earhardt.
Congratulations to the University of Tennessee and Coach Tony Vitello, which won the 2024 Men's College World Series, a Big Victory against a GREAT Texas A&M Team. These are all incredible athletes, with many expected to go to the Major Leagues in the not too distant future. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!
Congressman Andrew Garbarino is a tremendous champion for the great people of New York's 2nd Congressional District!   Andrew is working hard to Secure the Border, Provide Access to Affordable Health Care, Create Jobs, Grow the Economy, Uphold the Rule of Law, Support our Incredible Veterans, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.   Andrew Garbarino has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Anthony D’Esposito is a fantastic and highly effective representative for the people of New York’s 4th Congressional District.  A retired NYPD police detective, Anthony is working hard to Uphold the Rule of Law, Create Jobs and Lower Inflation, Secure the Border, and Support our Incredible Military and Police Officers.  Anthony D’Esposito has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Byron Donalds is a Tremendous Champion for Florida’s 19th Congressional District!A True Patriot, Byron is a FIGHTER for the People of Florida and ALL Americans. Byron works very hard to Secure the Border, Stop Inflation, Support our incredible Military/Vets, Protect our always under siege Second Amendment, and Restore the American Dream. Byron is a GREAT leader, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement.
Congressman Chuck Fleischmann is an incredible Representative for the people of Tennessee's 3rd Congressional District!He works tirelessly to Lower Taxes, Secure our Borders, and Defend our Country. He strongly supports our brave Military, Vets and Law Enforcement, and he will always protect our under siege Second Amendment. Chuck Fleischmann has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Daniel Webster is doing a terrific job representing Florida's 11th Congressional District.As a successful businessman, Daniel knows how to Fight Inflation, Grow the Economy, Lower Taxes, and Eliminate Government Waste. Daniel is working hard to Secure the Border, Protect our Elections, Support our Great Military / Veterans, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.  Daniel Webster has my Complete and Total Endorsement—HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Congressman Glenn Grothman is a phenomenal Representative for the fantastic people of Wisconsin’s 6th Congressional District! An America First Patriot, Glenn strongly advocates for our Great Farmers and American Agriculture, Supports our Brave Military and Veterans, Promotes our Energy, and Defends our always under siege Second Amendment. WISCONSIN, GET OUT AND VOTE - Glenn Grothman has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Jack Bergman is a tireless advocate for the people of Michigan's 1st Congressional District!A retired Lieutenant General in the U.S. Marine Corps, Jack bravely served our Country in combat, and he is doing an outstanding job in Congress. He is working hard to Secure the Border, Strengthen our Military, Care for our Veterans, Defend the Second Amendment, and Give a Voice to the Working Men and Women of Michigan.  Jack Bergman has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Jason Smith is a phenomenal representative for Missouri’s 8th Congressional District! As Chair of the Ways and Means Committee, Jason is working hard to Stop the Democrats’ Reckless Spending, Lower Your Taxes, Advance "America First" Trade, Secure the Border, and Hold Joe Biden and the Radical Left accountable for their ongoing failures. Jason Smith has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Juan Ciscomani is doing an incredible job representing the great people of Arizona’s 6thCongressional District. Juan is working hard to Secure our Border, Defend our Wonderful Military and Veterans, Promote Election Integrity, and Expand American Jobs and the Economy. Juan Ciscomani has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Kelly Armstrong is running for Governor of North Dakota, a State that I love, and WON BIG in 2016 and 2020. In Congress, Kelly strongly defended me through two SHAM Impeachments, and is 100% MAGA. As your next Governor, Kelly will work tirelessly to grow the Economy, stop Inflation, cut Taxes and Regulations, secure our Border, protect North Dakota from Federal Overreach, defend our always under siege Second Amendment, strengthen our Military/Vets, and put our Incredible Farmers, Ranchers, and Energy Producers FIRST. Kelly Armstrong has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Governor of the Great State of North Dakota - HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN! North Dakota, Get out to Vote TOMORROW!
Congressman Kevin Hern is doing a fantastic job representing Oklahoma’s 1st Congressional District.As a successful businessman, Kevin knows how to Fight Inflation, Grow the Economy, Lower Taxes, and Eliminate Government Waste. Kevin is working hard to Secure the Border, Support our Great Military / Veterans, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Kevin is a conservative leader in Congress, and he has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Marc Molinaro is a Tremendous Champion for the Great People of New York's 19th Congressional District! Marc is working hard to Secure the Border, Stop Illegal Immigration and Migrant Crime, Cut Taxes, Fight Inflation, Support our Great Military, Veterans, and Law Enforcement, Safeguard our Communities, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.Marc is one of the strongest Congressmen in the Country on Border Security, whereas his Opponent, Josh Riley, is a Radical Open Border Extremist, who will put our Country, and Safety, LAST. Marc, on the other hand, will ALWAYS put New York, and America, FIRST.Marc Molinaro has my Complete and Total Endorsement. NEW YORK: Early Voting ends November 3rd, and Election Day is November 5th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR MARC — HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart is a tremendous champion for the people of Florida’s 26th Congressional District.Mario stands up against the wasteful spending in Washington and supports our Great Military and Veterans. Mario has worked hard to stop the democrats' disastrous Socialist policies, and HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!Mario Diaz-Balart has my Complete and TotalEndorsement.
Congressman Mike Flood is an incredible Advocate for the Wonderful People of Nebraska’s 1st Congressional District! Mike is doing an outstanding job in Congress, where he is fighting hard to Secure our Border, Stop Inflation, Champion our Great Farmers and American Agriculture, Support our Brave Military/Veterans, Promote Energy DOMINANCE, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Mike Flood has my Complete and Total Endorsement — HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
Congressman Mike Waltz is an incredible Representative for Florida's 6th Congressional District. A former U.S. Army Green Beret, Mike has been a longtime Warrior for the people of Florida. Mike continues to Support our Veterans, Strengthen our Military, Defend our always under siege Second Amendment, and PUT AMERICA FIRST. Mike Waltz has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Neal Dunn is a tremendous champion for Florida’s 2nd Congressional District!An accomplished surgeon and a retired Major in the U.S. Army, Neal is fighting hard to Deliver Quality Care to our Brave Veterans, Strengthen our Military, Grow the Economy, Lower Inflation, Restore American Energy Independence, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment. Neal Dunn has my Complete and Total Endorsement—HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Congressman Nick LaLota is doing an incredible job representing the people of New York’s 1st Congressional District.Nick is fighting hard to Grow the Economy and Lower Inflation, Defend our Great Military and Police, Secure our Border, Uphold the Rule of Law, and Protect our Constitutional Rights. Nick LaLota has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Paul Gosar is a tremendous representative for the people of Arizona’s 9th Congressional District. Paul works hard every day to Secure our Border and Stop the Woke Agenda of the left. He Fights for a Strong Economy, Supports our Great Military, and Defends the Rule of Law. Paul is a true Patriot and he has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Pete Stauber is a tremendous Representative of Minnesota’s 8th Congressional District! A Former Police Officer and Professional Hockey Player, Pete is working hard to Secure the Border, Support our Brave Law Enforcement and First Responders, Defend our always under siege Second Amendment, and Empower our Great American Workers to Restore Energy and Mineral Dominance. I first campaigned with Pete in 2018, and am proud to once again support him as we fight for the incredibly hardworking men and women of Northeastern Minnesota. Pete Stauber has my Complete and Total Endorsement. MINNESOTA, GET OUT AND VOTE!
Congressman Scott DesJarlais is doing a terrific job representing the people of Tennessee's 5th Congressional District! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott DesJarlais has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Scott Fitzgerald is doing an incredible job representing Wisconsin's 5th Congressional District! A retired Lieutenant Colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve, Scott is working hard to Support our Veterans, Strengthen our Military, Uphold the Rule of Law, Protect Life, Defend the Second Amendment, and Deliver High-Quality, Affordable Health Care. Scott Fitzgerald has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Vern Buchanan is a tireless Advocate for Florida's 16th Congressional District! Vern is a self-made man, and is working hard to Secure the Border, Lower our Taxes, Grow our Economy, Support our Military and Vets, Protect our Seniors, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Vern Buchanan has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman Claudia Tenney is doing a great job for the fantastic people of New York's 24th Congressional District! Claudia is fighting hard to Secure our Border, Support our Brave Law Enforcement and Veterans, Defend our always under siege Second Amendment, Keep Men out of Women’s Sports, Cut Taxes, and Hold Joe Biden and the Radical Left Accountable for their Corruption. As Chairwoman of the House Election Integrity Caucus, Claudia is working tirelessly to Eliminate Fraud in our Elections. Congresswoman Claudia Tenney is a Strong Conservative, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman Harriet Hageman is doing a tremendous job representing the people of Wyoming. Harriet has been fighting against government corruption her whole career. Harriet knows how to stop the federal government from going too far and how to protect our constitutional rights. She is working hard to Lower Inflation, Promote American Energy, Secure the Border, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Harriet Hageman has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman Lauren Boebert is a Proven Conservative and Effective Leader who delivers for Colorado, and our America First agenda. She has led the fight to Impeach Joe Biden, Stop Illegal Immigration, Defend the Second Amendment, Protect our Wonderful Ranchers and Farmers, Support our Military and Veterans, Secure our Natural Resources to Pursue Energy Dominance, and Stand Up to the Radical Democrats who want to Destroy our Beautiful Country. Congresswoman Lauren Boebert is a trusted America First Fighter, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Colorado’s 4th Congressional District!
Congresswoman Monica De La Cruz is doing a fantastic job representing the people of Texas’ 15th Congressional District! A successful Small Businesswoman who puts America First, Monica is fighting to Secure our Border, Grow our Economy, Uphold the Rule of Law, Strengthen our Military, Support our Veterans, and Protect our Senior Citizens’ Benefits. Congresswoman Monica De La Cruz has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis is doing an Incredible job for New York’s 11th Congressional District!A fierce advocate for the NYPD and NYFD, Nicole is working hard to Uphold the Rule of Law, Strengthen our Military, Support our Veterans, Grow the Economy, Protect our First and Second Amendments, and Secure our Border.Nicole Malliotakis has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Constitutional Law Professor, Jonathan Turley on today’s news out of New York…
Coral Doolittle, Mother of Corporal Humberto A. Sanchez…
Corrupt Soros backed Manhattan D.A, Alvin Bragg, at the direction of Crooked Joe Biden and his DOJ, has always known that there was NO CRIME in the Case he filed against me. He didn’t even want to bring this “Zombie Case,” but when forced to attack me for Election Interference purposes, Bragg attempted to make it look as bad as possible by “stacking the counts” - A TOTAL SCAM. The reality is that the whole Hoax is just about Legal Expenses being paid and marked as….Legal Expenses. Instead, the Prosecutors made up 34 counts out of 11 Checks, 11 Invoices, and 12 Entries by a highly respected bookkeeper in a Ledger. Even the Invoices said, “Legal Retainer.” Why? Because that’s what it was, a payment to a then-fully accredited lawyer. Nothing illegal, no “conspiracies.” THE APPELLATE COURTS HAVE TO END THIS WITCH HUNT AGAINST A POLITICAL OPPONENT!
Crazy Kamabla is not in touch with reality—She thinks "Bidenomics is working!”
Crazy Kamala Harris should never have taken the Trump Oil Sanctions off Maduro. She made one of the ALL TIME WORST DEALS! Crazy Kamala helped lead the charge to release Maduro’s top Money Launderer and his two convicted Drug Dealer Nephews in return for an obviously fake promise of Free and Fair Elections for the People of Venezuela. THEY WEREN’T FREE OR FAIR! Look at what’s happening now - Maduro sold his Oil, was reunited with his Money Launderer and Drug Dealing Nephews, and the Venezuelan People GOT NOTHING. Venezuela is destroyed, and its wonderful people are bankrupt and dying! Much of their blood is on the hands of dangerously liberal and failed American Politicians like Crazy Kamala Harris and Crooked Joe Biden….
Crazy Kamala Harris!
Crazy Kamala is saying she’s Indian, not Black. This is a big deal. Stone cold phony. She uses everybody, including her racial identity!
Crazy Kamala's Radical Beliefs are being exposed…Support for banning fracking. Wanting to "start from scratch" with ICE. Supporting the Green New Deal that would end air travel. No "Merry Christmas" until amnesty. Eliminating private health insurance…
Crooked Joe Biden Biden, the WORST PRESIDENT IN THE HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES, just confused Ukraine with Iraq. He actually doesn’t know the difference, probably gets money from both, a Manchurian Candidate! He also said, in another Democrat Disinformation “hit job” like Russia, Russia, Russia, the “51 Intel Agents,” or the Fake FISA Reports, that I called dead American Soldiers, “losers and suckers.” Who would ever say such a thing? Only a sicko with an axe to grind would suggest that anyone would make such a statement. They even made these horrific words into an advertisement, which shows how desperate they are. No President, especially “dumb as a rock” Joe Biden, has done more for our Military than DONALD J. TRUMP. The Military hates Crooked Joe, and all of the failure he represents. Take down the Fake Ad, Joe, and stop the unprecedented Weaponization of “Justice” against your Political Opponent. You are destroying our Country!
Crooked Joe Biden didn’t build up money for NATO, he just got them to spend the money that I got Members to pay, on a stupid war that never would have happened if I were President, the Russia attack on Ukraine. I would have had that worked out in MINUTES! The only reason the Members have been paying is that they want U.S. protection from this devastating war should it come their way. Sleepy Stupid Joe allowed it to happen because he is incompetent. Look at all of the death and destruction there is all because of a Rigged U.S. Presidential Election. Hundreds of thousands of dead people because our President is grossly incompetent! DJT
Crooked Joe Biden has totally surrendered our Southern Border. His weakness and extremism have resulted in a Border Invasion like we have never seen before. Other countries have emptied out their prisons, insane asylums, and mental institutions, and sent us drug dealers, human traffickers, and terrorists. Millions of people have poured into our Country—and now, after nearly four years of his failed, weak leadership, Crooked Joe Biden is pretending to finally do something about the border—but in fact, it’s all for show because he knows we have a debate coming up in 3 weeks…
Crooked Joe Biden is saying Medicare will not cover more than 50,000 Americans living with horrible open wounds caused by diabetes. Their message to these Americans: “Tough it out.” Despite the testimony from doctors, ground-breaking medical research, and pleas from patients for help, the Biden administration is abandoning them. It’s bad enough Crooked Joe has broken his word to us about keeping America safe, our Economy sound, and our Borders secure. Now Joe’s playing Russian Roulette with people’s lives, and doing something he promised he’d never do. These people are hurting, but they should know that help is on the way this November!
CROOKED JOE BIDEN IS THE WORST PRESIDENT IN THE HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES, BY FAR!
Crooked Joe Biden is the Worst President, by far, in the History of our Nation. He has done everything possible to destroy our Country, from our Southern Border, to Energy Dominance, National Security, International Standing, and so much more. He was annihilated in an Earth Shattering Debate, and now the Corrupt and Radical Democrats are throwing him overboard. He was not fit to serve from the  very beginning, but the people around him lied to America about his Complete and Total Mental, Physical, and Cognitive Demise. Whoever the Left puts up now will just be more of the same. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Joe Biden’s “Handlers” are loudly and profusely complaining that there will be no Fact Checkers during the Debate on Thursday. Actually, that is just DISINFORMATION - They could not be happier, because there is nobody that’s as loose with the TRUTH as Crooked Joe. From the 51 Fake Intelligence Agents, to Russia, Russia, Russia, to the Fake “Suckers and Losers Story” he created about our beloved Military, to cheating in College and saying he was first in his Law School Class when he was actually LAST, to claiming he marched for Civil Rights, drove trucks, and has a 6.2 Handicap (He can’t hit the Golf Ball 10 yards, but that’s a minor detail!), and so many more falsehoods, the man is a walking LYING MACHINE, and a Fact Checker’s DREAM. Maybe we should call him “Lyin’ Joe” in addition to Crooked?
Crooked Joe: "I'm following the advice of my commander-in-chief…my…my…my…”
CROOKED JOE’S AMERICA…
Dan Franzese is a tremendous America First Candidate running to represent the Great People of Florida’s 22nd Congressional District! As a very successful businessman, Dan knows how to Fight Inflation, Grow the Economy, Lower Taxes, and Eliminate Government Waste. In Congress, Dan will fight tirelessly to Secure our Border, Stop Migrant Crime, Advance Election Integrity, Strengthen our Incredible Military/Vets, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Dan Franzese has my Complete and Total Endorsement - HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
David Covey is running against Dade Phelan, the Speaker of the Texas House of Representatives, who led the Fraudulent Impeachment of the recently re-elected, in a landslide, Attorney General of Texas, Ken Paxton.   David is an America First Conservative who will Secure the Border, Restore Election Integrity, Protect our Families and Military/Vets, and Defend our under siege Second Amendment.Dade Phelan said, “I voted for President Trump twice for President, and I’m going to vote for him a third time. I think he’s going to be the Nominee.” Words, however, do not mitigate the Absolute Embarrassment Speaker Phelan inflicted upon the State of Texas and our Great Republican Party!   Therefore, David Covey has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Texas’ 21st State House  District—Texas, Get Out to Vote, Tomorrow!
DEFENSE OF COUNSEL DEFENSE!
Democrats are NOT Pro WOMEN, they are letting MEN play in WOMEN’s Sports. Walz can’t even define what a Woman is!
Deranged Jack Smith, together with his Team of Political Hacks and Thugs, were once again caught in a LIE in the Sham “Documents” Case, far less in importance or gravity than Joe Biden’s Document Case, for which he was fully exonerated on the basis of his TOTAL INCOMPETENCE. They said, in effect, that Biden is not capable of defending himself in Court, but could nevertheless run for President, if he wanted. An Exoneration like that I would not want. “The Deranged One,” Smith, badly wanted to hide his own GRAVE MISCONDUCT, but must have been prevented from doing so by an Honest and Patriotic Eyewitness. The Corruption of our Justice System has to be put to an end, and those responsible, including Crooked Joe Biden and those controlling him, have to be held to account. MAGA 2024!
Derek Merrin is a fantastic America First Candidate running to represent the Incredible People of Ohio’s 9th Congressional District! Derek has a Strong Record of Success, and support from his Community. In Congress, Derek will be an INCREDIBLE Fighter who will work tirelessly to Stop Inflation, Grow our Economy, Secure our Border, Champion our Military/Vets, Restore American Energy DOMINANCE, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Derek Merrin has my Complete and Total Endorsement - HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Derrick Anderson is running to represent the wonderful people of Virginia’s 7th Congressional District. He bravely fought for our Great Country as a Green Beret, and was deployed to Afghanistan, Bahrain, Jordan, Israel, and Lebanon. Unlike the current administration, he never left anyone behind!   Derrick is America First all the way, and he is running against a weak and pathetic Democrat named Yevgeny “Eugene” Vindman who, along with Adam “Shifty” Schiff and others, lied to push the Ukraine Impeachment Hoax, a continuation of the greatest and most dangerous Political WITCH HUNT in the History of our Country!   Derrick Anderson has my Complete and Total Endorsement - HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
Did Tampon Tim just say he has “become friends with school shooters?” He isn’t even qualified to be Governor, let alone Vice President. Walz and Kamala DO NOT HAVE WHAT IT TAKES!
Do you have my latest book? Before I ran for Politics, they all loved me! From Hillary to Oprah to Stupid Robert DeNiro, they all spoke glowingly of me. Do you have a copy of LETTERS TO TRUMP? Get yours today! https://45books.com/
Does anybody really want this to be President of the United States?
Don't miss today's double header! President Trump will speak LIVE in Washington, DC, and hold a major MAGA rally in Philadelphia! DC speech at 1:30 p.m. EST https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/donald-trump/live-president-trump-keynotes-the-faith-and-freedom-coalitions-road-to-majority-6-22-24/Philadelphia rally at 7 p.m. EST https://www.rsbnetwork.com/shows/live-president-trump-holds-a-maga-rally-in-philadelphia-6-22-24/
Dr. Ben Carson: “Sir, the left-wing media is going to come at you with everything they have because the other side is so frightened that their nest will be disturbed. Please keep telling the people what the left is going to do so that it will be expected. We are 1000% behind you.”
DRUG TEST FOR CROOKED JOE BIDEN??? I WOULD, ALSO, IMMEDIATELY AGREE TO ONE!!!
During my First Term, Ted worked with me to Deliver Historic Tax Cuts, Relief from Burdensome Regulations, and Unprecedented Economic Success. As the Ranking Member of the Senate Commerce Committee, Ted is leading the way to Stop Inflation, Grow the Economy, Lower Taxes, and Eliminate Government Waste. A tireless Fighter, Ted is working hard to Secure the Border, Stop Migrant Crime, Support our Great Military/Vets, Promote American Energy DOMINANCE, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Ted is one of the strongest Senators in the Country on Border Security, whereas his Opponent, Colin Allred, is a Radical Open Border Extremist, who will put our Country, and Safety, LAST. Ted, on the other hand, will ALWAYS put Texas, and America, FIRST. Ted Cruz has my Complete and Total Endorsement - HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
EARLIER TONIGHT: MASSIVE TPAction crowd welcomes President Trump to The People’s Convention in Detroit, MichiganWATCH LIVE:  https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/live-president-trump-speaks-at-the-peoples-convention-in-detroit-6-15-24/
Early Voting in Pennsylvania. GO VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!  DJT
ELECTION INTERFERENCE!!!
Elon: “Make sure everyone you know has registered to vote! Only 2 days left to do so in Georgia & Arizona.”
Eric Trump at Trump National, Westchester, getting ready to welcome our friend, Bryson DeChambeau, to a celebration of his incredible victory in The United States Open. He finished off his WIN with one of the greatest shots ever made!!! DJT
Even Jake Tapper DEBUNKED the "very fine people" HOAX that Crooked Joe totally lied about moments ago…
Even Justin Trudeau wants to close Canada’s Borders. We are the only “stupid ones” that allow people, including hundreds of thousands of criminals, to freely come into the United States through our ridiculous “Open Borders” Policy. The damage has already been done, but it must be corrected IMMEDIATELY!
Everybody, Democrats, Republicans, Liberals, and Conservatives, wanted Roe v. Wade TERMINATED, and brought back to the States. Like Ronald Reagan and myself, most believe in EXCEPTIONS. Now the people are voting, which is the way it was supposed to be. I do not limit access to birth control or I.V.F. - THAT IS A LIE, these are all false stories that she’s making up, that I’ve never even heard of. It’s just words coming out of her mouth. I TRUST WOMEN, ALSO, AND I WILL KEEP WOMEN SAFE! SHE WON’T, BECAUSE THE INVASION OF OUR COUNTRY AT HER OPEN BORDER IS DESTROYING THE LIVES OF WOMEN, AND THE FAMILIES AND JOBS OF AFRICAN AMERICANS AND HISPANICS.
EVERYONE KNOWS I WOULD NOT SUPPORT A FEDERAL ABORTION BAN, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, AND WOULD, IN FACT, VETO IT, BECAUSE IT IS UP TO THE STATES TO DECIDE BASED ON THE WILL OF THEIR VOTERS (THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE!). LIKE RONALD REAGAN BEFORE ME, I FULLY SUPPORT THE THREE EXCEPTIONS FOR RAPE, INCEST, AND THE LIFE OF THE MOTHER. I DO NOT SUPPORT THE DEMOCRATS RADICAL POSITION OF LATE TERM ABORTION LIKE, AS AN EXAMPLE, IN THE 7TH, 8TH, OR 9TH MONTH OR, IN CASE THERE IS ANY QUESTION, THE POSSIBILITY OF EXECUTION OF THE BABY AFTER BIRTH. THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTENTION TO THIS MATTER!
EVERYTHING ABOUT KAMALA IS FAKE!
Everything we have been fighting for these past four years comes down to the next four days. We’ve been setting records in the early voting, but we can’t let up—in-person early voting in Michigan ends on SUNDAY. It’s NOW or NEVER. Get everyone you know, and VOTE, VOTE, VOTE. With your help, we are going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://swampthevoteusa.com/11/1/24 | WARREN, MICHIGAN
EXPOSED:SUPPORT FOR KAMALA HARRIS ON TIK TOK AND INSTAGRAM IS FAKE AND PAID FORThe social media support for Kamala Harris is paid for astroturfing. Kamala Harris’s @KamalaHQ Presidential campaign appears to be paying for social media influencers to post videos and posts in support of her, which is further evidence that her online social media support is fake and paid for. I have discovered that a company by the name of LAUNCH VIRAL is running advertisements for social media influencers who are interested in a “PAID POST OPPORTUNITY” to get paid to post in support of Kamala’s Presidential campaign.  I screen recorded the advertisement below which is offering $150 CASH, plus a paid incentive per post… The ad says:WE'RE ASKING YOU TO...1. EXPERIENCE• Encourage your fans to share, like, and follow Kamala2. CREATEPost one of more memes ONLY using our pre-approved assetsFeel free to add your own spin or commentary on your TikTok - IG, too, would be awesome.See below
FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT!!!!!https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
Flint, Michigan crowd is FIRED UP to see President Trump at 7pm ETWATCH LIVE:  https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/live-president-trump-hosts-a-town-hall-with-gov-sarah-sanders-in-flint-mi-9-17-24/#google_vignette
FLORIDA! Tomorrow is the last day to request a mail-in ballot! Don't wait until the deadline to request yours! https://swampthevoteusa.com/
FOR ALL OF THOSE THAT WANT TO SAVE TIK TOK IN AMERICA, VOTE TRUMP!
FOR ALL OF THOSE THAT WANT TO SAVE TIK TOK IN AMERICA, VOTE TRUMP!
For the past 9 years, Kamala and her party have called us racists, bigots, fascists, deplorable, irredeemables, and they call me Hitler...They've taken your money, they've thrown open our borders to criminals...They've sent our blood and treasure to fight in stupid foreign wars—This Tuesday is your chance to stand up and declare you are not going to take it anymore—VOTE! https://swampthevoteusa.com/
For too long, the average American has been squeezed by the big banks and financial elites. It's time we take a stand—together. #BeDefiant https://t.me/defiant1s
Former Border Patrol Chief Rodney Scott on Crooked Joe Biden's Border Executive Order: "This is all political theater. It's not going to change anything at the border…”
Former ICE Director Tom Homan: “I’ve worked with six Presidents…I know what policies work. I know what policies don’t. President Trump was a game-changer, and we saved thousands of lives by securing that Southern Border. Biden and Harris took the Most Secure Border in my lifetime, and UNSECURED IT ON PURPOSE.”
Former ICE Director Tom Homan: “President Trump was the Greatest President in my lifetime. This Country was never better off. He was unprecedented in his success on the Border, and it saved lives. He was an out-of-the-box thinker. He got it done. He’s proven you can secure the Border - The Most Secure Border in my lifetime. Who the hell wants more illegal immigration, more sex trafficking, more drugs, more known suspected terrorists? It’s disgusting what this Administration has done. That’s why we need President Trump back!”
Fox News' Sean Hannity joined 'Fox & Friends' this morning to discuss Kamala Harris' 'radical' record, and the “CyberGuy” Kurt Knutsson on the backlash facing Google and Meta over recent censorship claims…
Fox Polls are Rigged and Worthless!
FoxNews will never take great polls, from reputable pollsters, where I’m beating  Crooked Joe, the worst President in history, by a lot, but will take FAKE confidential Democrat polls, that they leaked to Fox, and go up big with them. John Roberts, a real heavyweight, was the “anchor.” I’ll be releasing REAL POLLS shortly!
FoxNews will put up Fake Confidential Democrat Polls that were “leaked” to them, but not Rasmussen or any of the REAL polling groups that have me way ahead. What’s up with FOX? I do better with CNN!!!
From the very beginning of this journey, I have been on a mission to rescue our nation from a failed and corrupt political establishment—I will never quit, I will never bend, I will never break, and I will never yield, not even in the face of death itself! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
Gabe Evans is running to Represent the fantastic people of Colorado’s 8th Congressional District. A decorated Army helicopter pilot and police officer, Gabe will be an INCREDIBLE Fighter in Congress and will work hard to Grow the Economy, Lower Inflation, Uphold the Rule of Law, Defend the Border, Promote American Energy, and Support our Great Military and Police. Gabe Evans has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Get out and vote, ARIZONA! Don't wait until Election Day - the stakes are too high to take the risk!This is the most important election of our lifetime, so #VoteEarly and help make this victory #TooBigtoRig! https://trumpvote24.com/az
Get your copy of Mark Levin’s book, “The Democrat Party Hates America” today. A must read for everyone! @marklevinshow Order here: https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/150118315X/ref=tmm_hrd_swatch_0?ie=UTF8&dib_tag=se&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.P_ejmO7fSzZnQjYspv1Q-TcuWi6j24aVt6xlGUJuV_t6XwMZEKLoYxpEeASuUfcurO5imv4IrjWipp3HN3XxGT7jQhu2FMZRC6yWNfmZBlKH952ubzC6ocDA8UTdIRioiZrqgOQNjdyV-bWbC-CtpeVqEUvXML1KdydK-1AjNfrXTxbGrGyJWAmVuo3lSaRHKqDOwZ-dra5syTFpWr7-Zw.nsfADwJVQOnqR4aFsGwXzeiH9gn6lcLKozuYgJIFqHM&qid=1724607724&sr=8-1 THIS book was written for THIS time!  Please read it and share it!  The election is in 70+ days!https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/150118315X/ref=tmm_hrd_swatch_0?ie=UTF8&dib_tag=se&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.P_ejmO7fSzZnQjYspv1Q-TcuWi6j24aVt6xlGUJuV_t6XwMZEKLoYxpEeASuUfcurO5imv4IrjWipp3HN3XxGT7jQhu2FMZRC6yWNfmZBlKH952ubzC6ocDA8UTdIRioiZrqgOQNjdyV-bWbC-CtpeVqEUvXML1KdydK-1AjNfrXTxbGrGyJWAmVuo3lSaRHKqDOwZ-dra5syTFpWr7-Zw.nsfADwJVQOnqR4aFsGwXzeiH9gn6lcLKozuYgJIFqHM&qid=1724607724&sr=8-1
Getting ready for the BRONX. Big Crowd! Will be broadcast all over television. Enjoy!
Going to UFC tonight!!!
Gold Star family member Christy Shamblin:"We invited both President Trump and the Biden-Harris administration and we didn't hear back from the White House.""When [President Trump] came to Section 60, it was at our request to spend time with our loved ones. There was no political campaigning done at Section 60 that day.""We support President Trump and he supported us.""I think our media needs to do a better job on focusing on the Afghanistan withdrawal instead of things like this that aren’t really relevant or important."
GOOD MORNING, MONTANA…
Good Morning!
Great job by Bret Baier in his Interview with Lyin’ Kamala Harris. She has a massive and irredeemable case of TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME - So bad, in fact, that she is barely able to talk about any subject other than the man who had the best economy ever, the strongest border in history, and who just got the UNANIMOUS ENDORSEMENT OF THE U.S. Border Patrol, ME! Their Endorsement was a TREMENDOUS HONOR!!! They said that Comrade Kamala did a terrible job, the absolute worst in memory, and can’t be allowed to do it again. She is also the WORST Vice President in history, but hopefully will soon be GONE. Again, congratulations to Bret Baier on a tough but very fair interview, one that clearly showed how totally incompetent Kamala is. For the good of our Nation, her inferior Cognitive ability must be tested at once!
Great meeting with Republican Representatives. Lots discussed, all positive, great poll numbers!
Great news. So badly needed in North Carolina, where there is virtually no communication. Starlink was the perfect answer, and Elon Musk, as usual, came through. Thank you Elon!!! DJT
Great Patriot Charlie Kirk, Head of Turning Point USA, has a wonderful new Book coming out next week, “RIGHT WING REVOLUTION.” It is a MUST READ for those who want to take our Country back from the Radical Left Lunatics who are destroying it. This will be very helpful reading for those looking to Save our Nation. Get your copy today! https://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/right-wing-revolution-charlie-kirk/1144945371
Great questions, Joe—MAGA2024!!!
Great to be back in Philadelphia!
Great visit to Montana and Wyoming, where I am leading BIG, and Colorado, whose Radical Left Governor has gone to all Mail-In Voting, making the State a POLITICAL CESSPOOL where, even if you were leading, it would make no difference! Colorado is run by the Lunatic Left that led the effort, overturned by the United States Supreme Court, to keep me off the ballot. For that reason alone, Colorado will have A BIG TRUMP VOTE! Anyway, the two day visit raised $28,000,000 for our very successful Presidential Campaign. Thank you to a truly beautiful part of the World!
Gregg Jarrett: “Every defendant has the fundamental right ‘to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation’ against him. But Bragg never abided by that constitutional guarantee. Even worse, Merchan let him get away with it — the same way he allowed his local court to be misused to enforce a federal law over which he has no authority or jurisdiction.”
Gregg Jarrett: “Releasing this motion, this court filing, it sure looks like blatant Election Interference…There's no good reason to make it public. It's premature. There isn't even a trial date. So, I think this was done knowing full well Media and Democrats would seize on ‘provocative’ details, publicize it, to affect voters…At times it reads like bad detective fiction. A lot of it is irrelevant and inadmissible conversations that other people have that are not connected to Trump directly. So, it seems like deliberate Election Interference…The problem for Smith is a lot of his evidence and testimony comes from Public Officials, and their conversations with Trump, including the Vice President. Under the Supreme Court Decision that may well be protected information, and thus inadmissible.”
Gregg Jarrett: "The most egregious violations in the New York conviction of former President Donald Trump were federal Constitutional 'due process' violations that states are bound to follow. New York did not… Under the Sixth Amendment, all defendants have a right to be informed of the precise ‘nature and causes of the accusations’ against them so that they can properly defend themselves at trial. This did not happen.”
Gregg Jarrett: “There is no credible evidence that Trump engineered or even knew about booking entries by accountants that were not false at all. Nor is there any plausible evidence that he willfully violated campaign laws that were not violations at all. Where is the fraud that prosecutors argued in their opening statement? Like Bigfoot, it’s a fictitious missing link in the case. This has always been a trial in search of an imaginary crime and a disgraceful charade. This case has reasonable doubt written all over it.”
Gregg Jarrett: “They manipulated the justice system to create this illusion of wrongdoing…”
Gregg Jarrett: "This Case against Donald Trump is Election Interference and Brazen Lawfare."
Gregg Jarrett: “Unanimous jury decisions are a bedrock constitutional principle derived from the Sixth and Seventh Amendments. That requirement extends to all key issues, including every necessary element of an alleged crime and/or the establishment of secondary crimes. This is an indispensable feature of jury trials. It’s what defines our rule of law and makes America’s system of justice the envy of the world. But in the trial of Donald Trump, jurors can agree to disagree while still reaching the ultimate verdict in unanimity. Only in an ‘Alice in Wonderland’ case with a Mad Hatter judge could the cherished principles of fairness be turned upside down.”
Gregg Jarrett: “Where is the crime? It’s no where…this is a trial in search of an imaginary crime…”
Gun owners must register to Vote, TODAY, if you want to save your guns. Our Second Amendment is under Siege by the Democrats. They want to confiscate your guns. BE SMART. VOTE!!!
Happening Now—President Trump delivering remarks at the Israeli American Council Meeting in Washington, D.C. Live via @realDonaldTrump @rumble: https://rumble.com/v5fm7r5-live-president-trump-in-washington-d.c..html
HAPPENING NOW: President Trump takes the stage in Las Vegas, NevadaWATCH LIVE:  https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/live-president-donald-j-trump-holds-a-rally-in-las-vegas-nv-6-9-24/
HAPPENING NOW: RSBN coverage of President Trump’s birthday speech at Club 47 at 7pm ET is now LIVE! WATCH LIVE:  https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/donald-trump/live-president-trump-celebrates-his-birthday-at-club-47-6-14-24/
Happy Birthday Mary!
Happy Birthday to my wonderful father, FRED C. TRUMP, now in Heaven. What a guy - There was nobody like him!
HAPPY FATHER’S DAY TO ALL, INCLUDING THE RADICAL LEFT DEGENERATES THAT ARE RAPIDLY BRINGING THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA INTO THIRD WORLD NATION STATUS WITH THEIR MANY ATTEMPTS AT TRYING TO INFLUENCE OUR SACRED COURT SYSTEM INTO BREAKING TO THEIR VERY SICK AND DANGEROUS WILL. WE NEED STRENGTH AND LOYALTY TO OUR COUNTRY, AND ITS WONDERFUL CONSTITUTION. EVERYTHING WILL BE ON FULL DISPLAY COME NOVEMBER 5TH, 2024 - THE MOST IMPORTANT DAY IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!
HAPPY FATHER’S DAY TO YOU SIR!!! AND WE WILL DO IT AGAIN!! AND MORE! #PHPnews #RPN #XTeam #Maga4TheFelon #TheHashTagChat #Trump2024 Be still my heart..
He’s been indoctrinated with LIES, thinking he can override his own INCOMPETENCE. He’s as nervous as you can get!
Heading to McDonalds now. If I stay for 20 minutes, it will be 20 minutes longer than Lyin’ Kamala Harris has worked there. She said what a tough job it was, only to find out, much to everyone’s chagrin, that she never worked there!
Highly respected Justice Michael Gableman is a fighter for Wisconsin, a State that I love. Robin Vos must be defeated! He is constantly fighting the truth and wants nothing to do with Election Fraud or anything else that is good for the State. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and I want to make Wisconsin a big part of that. I fully endorse Justice Michael Gableman, and so respect the time and effort he spends to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HIS ENTIRE LIFE! HIS LEGACY!
House chairwoman says Biden's executive order is no 'crackdown:' he 'owns border catastrophe" https://justthenews.com/nation/states/center-square/foxx-biden-owns-border-catastrophe-had-authority-secure-it?utm_source=mux&utm_medium=social-media&utm_campaign=social-media-autopost
HOW GOOD WERE MY KIDS AT THE CONVENTION??? I AM PROUD OF THEM ALL!
How much time does Ian Sams, Senior Advisor to Lyin’ Kamala Harris, spend on FoxNews? He’s now on Cavuto, Fox’s Lowest Rated Show, by far, and spent much of the weekend hitting “TRUMP,” totally unopposed, before two real “beauties,” Eric Shawn and Arthel Neville – Not exactly the next Walter Cronkite of the Broadcasting World! Sams is just a below average guy, with memorized FAKE NEWS soundbites, almost all of which are WRONG, but coupled with all of the other Harris Radical Left Democrat mouthpieces that Fox puts on (Richard Fowler, Patrick Murphy, “something” Wolf, Jessica Tarloff?), it has a very negative effect on the Election. Think of it, I spend an hour with the wonderful Maria Bartiromo, do a beautiful job, and then am followed up all day long by one-sided, negative Democrats, including Ian Sams, who virtually owns the Network. It’s not worthwhile doing Interviews on Fox, because it all just averages out into NOTHING. FoxNews has totally lost its way!
Howard Lutnick: “Donald Trump is here to protect the American Worker…”
https://americanmind.org/salvo/trumps-virtues/
https://apnews.com/article/puerto-rico-primaries-discrepancies-voting-problems-machines-8019db17829c7b1fbae5fb3fde623a4b
https://apnews.com/article/voting-citizenship-tennessee-7802df69609bc54eb55d9296f6321100
https://arizonadailyindependent.com/2024/09/07/republicans-stand-united-after-pressure-leads-to-election-transparency-breakthrough/
https://babylonbee.com/news/trump-indicted-for-murdering-elderly-man-on-cnn
https://dailycaller.com/2024/04/02/hold-on-britches-trump-vows-send-migrants-back-where-came-from/
https://dailycaller.com/2024/04/07/gavin-wax-and-edward-paltzik-there-is-no-place-in-our-justice-system-for-communist-style-wealth-confiscation/
https://dailycaller.com/2024/06/04/no-sign-backlash-cnn-data-guru-more-foreign-born-voters-back-trump-biden/
https://dailycaller.com/2024/06/25/dnc-democratic-national-committee-law-firm-payments-e-jean-carroll-trump-supreme-court/
https://dailycaller.com/2024/07/28/google-backlash-censorship-trump-assassination-attempt-autocomplete/
https://dailycaller.com/2024/08/26/exclusive-gop-veterans-failures-deadly-afghanistan-withdrawal-trump-ad/
https://dcenquirer.com/he-stood-with-us-when-very-few-would-trump-earns-major-endorsement-from-the-national-fraternal-order-of-police
https://hannity.com/media-room/no-taxes-on-overtime-trump-intros-new-tax-policy-at-arizona-rally-watch/
https://hannity.com/media-room/spot-the-difference-trump-harris-biden-get-drastically-different-receptions-at-pa-fire-station-watch/
https://hannity.com/media-room/the-kamala-files-the-most-radical-soundbites-they-dont-want-you-to-hear-listen-now/
https://hannity.com/media-room/trump-was-right-again-doj-data-backs-claim-of-violent-crime-spike-under-biden-harris-report/
https://justthenews.com/accountability/congress-asks-five-state-attorneys-general-investigate-possible-money-laundering-act
https://justthenews.com/accountability/political-ethics/tuefbi-tried-unmask-employees-trump-support-while-conducting
https://justthenews.com/events/gold-star-families-fallen-afghanistan-soldiers-say-biden-has-failed-them-trump-wont-forget
https://justthenews.com/government/security/joint-chiefs-chairman-says-it-would-be-great-if-trump-ends-russia-ukraine-war
https://justthenews.com/government/security/trump-assassination-suspect-flagged-border-protection-agents-homeland-security
https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/all-things-trump/trump-slams-doj-after-unsealed-court-docs-show-fbi-authorized-use
https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/all-things-trump/trump-unveils-two-initiatives-he-would-start-president-if-elected
https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/elections/actor-wrongly-convicted-murder-under-then-san-francisco-da-kamala-harris
https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/elections/ga-elections-chief-raffensperger-dems-trying-get-non-citizens-vote-states
https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/elections/tueaftwalzs-history-born-alive-abortions-opens-door-trump-gop-flip
https://latinos.donaldjtrump.com/
https://nypost.com/2024/06/14/us-news/trump-li-rep-desposito-surge-7-points-ahead-in-traditional-dem-stronghold-internal-poll/
https://nypost.com/2024/06/28/opinion/this-debate-was-a-blowout-for-trump-and-it-wasnt-even-close/
https://nypost.com/2024/07/24/sports/bryson-dechambeaus-donald-trump-video-is-exploding-on-youtube/
https://nypost.com/2024/08/06/us-news/tim-walz-embellished-military-career-for-years-dropped-from-national-guard-unit-ahead-of-iraq-deployment/
https://nypost.com/2024/08/15/us-news/nearly-three-quarters-of-americans-believe-kamala-harris-knew-about-bidens-mental-decline-poll/
https://nypost.com/2024/08/16/us-news/suffolk-county-law-enforcement-unions-to-throw-support-behind-trump-this-was-an-easy-decision/
https://nypost.com/2024/09/05/us-news/top-spokesman-for-manhattan-us-attorneys-office-caught-on-secret-recording-blasting-da-bragg-over-trump-prosecution/
https://nypost.com/2024/09/06/us-news/trump-says-cops-in-more-danger-than-ever-from-kamalas-crime-wave-as-he-touts-union-endorsement/
https://nypost.com/2024/09/12/us-news/trump-pledges-to-eliminate-taxes-on-overtime-pay/
https://nypost.com/2024/09/21/us-news/trump-vows-to-end-all-sanctuary-cities-in-america-boost-law-enforcement-in-regions-that-dont-cooperate-with-ice/
https://nypost.com/2024/09/27/us-news/shocking-data-shows-15k-illegal-immigrants-accused-of-murder-as-kamala-harris-visits-border/
https://nypost.com/2024/09/28/us-news/president-trump-arrives-at-bryant-denny-stadium-in-tuscaloosa-for-alabama-vs-georgia-football-game/
https://nypost.com/2024/10/21/us-news/ufc-fighters-tell-michigan-arabs-to-vote-for-donald-trump-as-a-peacemaker/
https://nypost.com/2024/10/25/us-news/mother-of-jocelyn-nungaray-slams-kamala-harris-for-not-reaching-out/
https://nypost.com/2024/11/01/us-news/election-guru-nate-silver-accuses-pollsters-of-putting-finger-on-the-scale-lying-to-keep-presidential-race-close/
https://paulingrassia.substack.com/p/engorons-350-million-verdict-against
https://paulingrassia.substack.com/p/kamala-harris-helped-defraud-the?utm_campaign=post&triedRedirect=true
https://protectthevote.com/
https://puck.news/biden-plunges-in-swing-states-in-leaked-post-debate-poll/
https://reason.com/volokh/2024/06/15/former-president-trumps-ny-cases-ought-to-be-removable-to-federal-court/
https://rumble.com/v4zeepz-live-chase-the-vote-town-hall-with-president-donald-j.-trump-662024.html
https://rumble.com/v4zycef-chase-the-vote-a-live-town-hall-with-president-trump.html
https://rumble.com/v52vobu-president-trump-in-philadelphia-pa.html
https://rumble.com/v57ha7x-republican-national-convention-night-four.html
https://rumble.com/v57ha7x-republican-national-convention-night-four.html
https://rumble.com/v57i7vf-watch-pastor-lorenzo-sewell-at-2024-rnc-in-milwaukee-wi-7182024.html
https://rumble.com/v5ejx23-live-president-trump-in-tucson-az.html
https://rumble.com/v5fcgh1-live-president-trump-in-uniondale-ny.html
https://rumble.com/v5idllv-live-president-trump-participates-in-a-hispanic-roundtable-in-las-vegas-101.html
https://thefederalist.com/2024/06/04/chuck-schumers-brother-works-for-law-firm-behind-braggs-get-trump-indictment/
https://thehill.com/opinion/campaign/4768722-the-other-shoe-is-falling-listen-to-trump-about-terrorism-and-wwiii/
https://thenationalpulse.com/2024/06/13/data-trump-leads-biden-by-10-points-with-critical-arizona-demographic/
https://thenationalpulse.com/2024/06/18/trumps-plan-to-eliminate-taxes-on-tips-could-save-workers-250-billion/
https://thenationalpulse.com/2024/09/05/breaking-hidden-camera-shows-doj-spox-admitting-anti-trump-lawfare-campaign-is-political-perversion-of-justice/
https://thenationalpulse.com/2024/09/18/billionaire-investor-vows-to-pull-out-of-u-s-market-if-kamala-wins-citing-dangerous-tax-policy/
https://thenationalpulse.com/analysis-post/j-d-vance-is-the-ultimate-non-compromise-candidate/
https://thenationalpulse.com/analysis-post/trump-is-everywhere-man/
https://thepostmillennial.com/breaking-trump-slams-communist-economic-policies-of-kamala-vows-to-restore-the-american-dream-at-massive-pa-rally
https://thepostmillennial.com/total-exoneration-trump-says-all-unfair-charges-against-him-should-be-cleared
https://townhall.com/columnists/douglasmackinnon/2024/06/04/why-trump-personifies-the-courage-of-our-founding-fathers-n2639944
https://townhall.com/tipsheet/saraharnold/2024/09/06/fraternal-order-of-police-endorses-trump-n2644433
https://writerevolutionnews.com/2024/10/19/are-you-better-off-now-than-you-were-four-years-ago-trump-offers-solutions-to-harris-regime-failures/
https://www.breitbart.com/2024-election/2024/08/05/kamala-harris-2023-very-proud-bidenomics/
https://www.breitbart.com/2024-election/2024/09/10/trump-russia-ukraine-war-dying-settled-want-save-lives/
https://www.breitbart.com/2024-election/2024/10/08/team-trump-demands-60-minutes-release-harris-unedited-full-interview-transcript/
https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2024/06/01/donald-trump-arrives-at-ufc-302-to-thunderous-applause-days-after-conviction/
https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2024/06/29/poll-democrats-advantage-on-abortion-has-dwindled-to-statistical-insignificance/
https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2024/08/08/poll-donald-trump-leads-kamala-harris-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin/
https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2024/08/17/trump-supporters-turn-out-in-massive-numbers-for-rally-in-wilkes-barre/
https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2024/08/23/david-axelrod-suffers-meltdown-after-rfk-endorses-trump/
https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2024/08/23/tribute-rfk-jr-trump-pledges-creation-commission-presidential-assassination-attempts/
https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2024/08/23/trump-champions-no-tax-on-tips-policy-to-las-vegas-restaurant-workers-blames-kamala-for-catastrophic-inflation/
https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2024/09/28/trump-receives-loud-welcome-at-alabama-georgia-football-game/
https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2024/09/28/trump-slams-kamala-harris-visit-to-border-after-four-straight-years-of-obliterating-it/
https://www.cnn.com/2024/07/26/politics/kfile-kamala-harris-praised-defund-the-police-movement-in-june-2020/index.html
https://www.cnn.com/2024/07/26/politics/kfile-kamala-harris-praised-defund-the-police-movement-in-june-2020/index.html
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-13315885/Trump-Israel-Arab-alliance-Iran-attack-failed-ANDREW-NEIL.html
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-13782473/Mark-Zuckerberg-ADMITS-censoring-Joe-Biden-bombshell-letter.html
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-13795301/harris-interview-cnn-dana-bash.html
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/platform
https://www.foreignaffairs.com/united-states/return-peace-strength-trump-obrien
https://www.foxbusiness.com/video/6353622144112
https://www.foxnews.com/media/cbs-accused-significant-intentional-news-distortion-fcc-complaint-over-60-minutes-edit
https://www.foxnews.com/media/ex-fbi-honcho-mccabe-says-intel-community-members-scared-being-jailed-trump-may-flee-country
https://www.foxnews.com/media/puerto-rican-musicians-bring-star-power-endorse-trump-best-president-world-has-seen
https://www.foxnews.com/media/trump-sends-letter-cbs-demanding-unedited-60-minutes-harris-transcript-teases-potential-lawsuit
https://www.foxnews.com/media/trump-sends-letter-cbs-demanding-unedited-60-minutes-harris-transcript-teases-potential-lawsuit
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/david-marcus-why-teamsters-think-trump-not-harris-real-friend-working-man
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/trumps-true-crime-other-lessons-from-his-new-york-trial
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/michigan-becomes-top-gop-senate-target-mike-rogers-ties-dem-opponent-among-older-voters
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/we-believe-donald-trump-more-than-dozen-medal-honor-recipients-endorse-former-president
https://www.foxnews.com/us/ohio-refers-over-100-non-citizen-registered-voters-state-ag-prosecution
https://www.foxnews.com/us/thieves-hit-3-7-eleven-stores-20-mins-hours-after-newsom-signed-smash-and-grab-tackling-bills
https://www.foxnews.com/video/6359152006112
https://www.foxnews.com/video/6359153284112
https://www.newsmax.com/newsmax-tv/trump-wisconsin-rally/2024/09/07/id/1179471/
https://www.newsmax.com/politics/mandatory-minimum-sentences/2024/08/29/id/1178396/
https://www.nysun.com/article/nine-weeks-to-go-and-all-the-democrats-have-on-trump-is-the-claptrap-about-how-hes-an-aspiring-dictator
https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2024/09/13/trump_under_this_administration_325000_migrant_children_are_missing_many_of_them_are_sex_slaves.html
https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/americas-last-hope/
https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/how-to-watch-president-trump-in-the-south-bronx/
https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/its-time-to-flip-new-york-red-president-trump-rallies-in-the-bronx/
https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/number-one-dana-white-discusses-president-trumps-fighting-spirit/
https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/president-trump-calls-for-death-penalty-for-illegal-immigrants-who-kill-americans/
https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/president-trumps-patriotic-fourth-of-july-message/
https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/trump-urges-georgians-to-vote-immediately-as-state-breaks-first-day-early-voting-record/
https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/trump-vows-to-totally-complete-the-rebuilding-of-western-north-carolina/
https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/yankee-stadium-gets-a-trump-surprise-just-before-his-south-bronx-visit/
https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2024/04/wayne-root-were-all-gaza-now-trump-was/
https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2024/06/breaking-arizona-gop-files-bombshell-lawsuit-against-corrupt/
https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2024/06/election-watchs-peter-bernegger-exposes-actblue-finance-laundering/
https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2024/07/ingrassia-heading-convention-season-president-trump-looks-formidable/
https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2024/07/wayne-root-did-you-see-new-rnc-platform/
https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2024/07/wayne-root-my-trump-vp-pick-was-jd/
https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2024/09/huge-national-fraternal-order-police-endorses-president-trump/
https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2024/09/president-trump-speaks-illegal-immigration-crime-wisconsin-border/
https://www.toddstarnes.com/values/trump-crushing-kamala-in-cookie-war/
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/campaigns/presidential/3134250/trump-didnt-like-muted-mics-debate-should-be-same/
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2024/06/13/biden-trump-normandy-isolationism-2024-election/
https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2024/aug/15/trumps-movement-proves-love-of-country-supersedes-/
https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2024/sep/12/donald-trump-adds-to-economic-plan-with-vow-to-end/
https://www.wsj.com/opinion/trump-can-make-america-healthy-again-rfk-jr-reforms-chronic-disease-crisis-a9b4b8c0
https://www.wsj.com/politics/policy/donald-trump-campaign-business-executives-warming-4aa10c04
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vC5cHjcgt5g
https://youtu.be/CNSGTxDC2WQ?si=awoOBgBXXIonn46c
https://youtu.be/Je_CC6N7o5I?si=u-ziv9C_fDL1USGj
https://youtu.be/z-v29CXIADY?si=k9aXDMFRoBCcXYOd
Human Events Editorial Board: “It was rigged, let us count the ways…No one ever said it would be easy to take America back from people who hate its foundational principles, and are willing to knife them not just for President Trump, but for anyone who has the audacity to support him. There is but one solace: such people may be able to temporarily force obeisance, but they have forever forfeited the right to respect. They may have power, but they have surrendered moral authority. They can make us pretend to take them seriously in public; they cannot stop us sniggering behind our hands. And we are. Because this is still a joke; a bad joke. A sinister joke. But a joke. And come November, we’re willing to bet, President Donald J. Trump will have the last laugh.”
Hung Cao is a highly respected retired Navy Captain running to represent the Great People of Virginia in the United States Senate. A Combat Veteran and Highly Decorated Special Operations Officer, Hung Cao will be a tireless fighter to stop Inflation, grow our Economy, secure our Border, strongly support our Incredible Military/Vets, and defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Hung Cao has my Complete and Total Endorsement - HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN, AND WE WILL, AT THE SAME TIME, GET RID OF THE WORST PRESIDENT IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY, CROOKED JOE BIDEN!
I accept!
I am here tonight to deliver a simple message to Christians across America: It is time to stand up and SAVE YOUR COUNTRY. On November 5th, Christian voters need to turn out in the largest numbers ever!!! https://swampthevoteusa.com/
I am looking very much forward to being in Milwaukee next week. The great people of Wisconsin will reward us for choosing their State for the Republican National Convention. From there we go on to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! See you next week.
I AM SO GLAD YOU ASKED…
I am so honored to receive the Fraternal Order of Police official endorsement for President of the United States. Thank you! MAGA2024!!!
I assume that’s the best apology that we’ll get from Director Wray, but it is fully accepted!
I can’t believe the NFL is effectively getting rid of the always exciting Kick Off Return. Such an exciting part of Football. What are they doing? BEGINNING OF THE END!
I DOUBT IT. SHE IS A RADICAL LEFT LUNATIC, AND THE WORST BORDER CZAR AND V.P. IN HISTORY!
I just learned that my newest book, SAVE AMERICA, is a New York Times BEST SELLER! No other book takes you behind the scenes like this coffee table book. I picked each photo, and I can tell you it is FANTASTIC. Get your copy today at https://45books.com/.
I know nothing about Project 2025. I have not seen it, have no idea who is in charge of it, and, unlike our very well received Republican Platform, had nothing to do with it. The Radical Left Democrats are having a field day, however, trying to hook me into whatever policies are stated or said. It is pure disinformation on their part. By now, after all of these years, everyone knows where I stand on EVERYTHING!  DJT
I love the State of Missouri for every reason in the book, including the fact that it is “loaded up” with truly GREAT people. I also like Endorsing Candidates for Office if I think they’re good, and usually there is a differentiation, usually a big one, where it is not that difficult to do. But Missouri has three great people running for Governor - Jay Ashcroft, Mike Kehoe, and Bill Eigel. All have had excellent careers, and have been with me from the beginning. They are MAGA and America First all the way! I can’t hurt two of them by Endorsing one so, therefore, I’m going to Endorse, for Governor of the Great State of Missouri, Jay Ashcroft, Mike Kehoe, and Bill Eigel. Choose any one of them - You can’t go wrong!
I love this Country. I don't want to see this Country get into a nuclear war and be so badly damaged. What we say won't matter. This won't matter. This place won't matter, because practically nothing is going to be here anymore...The only global warming that matters to me is nuclear global warming… https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
I mean every word of it @realdonaldtrump. The media continues to spread lie after lie about your campaign and time in office, while covering up everything under the sun for this disastrous Biden White House. They have proven that they are the enemy of the people. Keep up the fight!!! Dr. Ben Carson: “Sir, the left-wing media is going to come at you with everything they have because the other side is so frightened that their nest will be disturbed. Please keep telling the people what the left is going to do so that it will be expected. We are 1000% behind you.”
I saved Flavored Vaping in 2019, and it greatly helped people get off smoking. I raised the age to 21, keeping it away from the “kids.” Kamala and Joe want everything banned, killing small businesses all over the Country. I’ll save Vaping again!
I want to thank beautiful Brittany Mahomes for so strongly defending me, and the fact that MAGA is the greatest and most powerful Political Movement in the History of our now Failing Country. With Crime and Illegal Immigration totally out of control, INFLATION Ravaging all Americans, and a World that is laughing at the stupidity of our hapless “leaders,” it is nice to see someone who loves our Country, and wants to save it from DOOM. What a great couple - See you both at the Super Bowl!
I want to thank so many friends and respected business leaders for welcoming me back to the storied New York Economic Club today! https://rumble.com/v5dr2e5-live-president-trump-in-new-york-ny.html
I want to thank the families of our Great Warriors who have been lost to us for the way they came together as one, and thanked me for attending, at their request, the Celebration of their wonderful family members who, because of the Incompetence of Kamala Harris and Joe Biden, are no longer with us. Thank you for saying you wanted me to stand with you at Arlington National Ceremony, and take pictures, that it was your request, not mine, but it was my Great Honor to do so. I WILL NEVER FORGET! Lightweight V.P. Kamala Harris tried turning it around, because they weren’t there, have never spoken to the families, and have no intention to do so. In Afghanistan, you don’t take the Soldiers out first, you take the Soldiers out last. This would be Military 101, the most basic, and the “leaders” of that Disaster should be immediately fired. We have FOOLS in the White House, and now, they are trying to solve the Hostage Crisis in Israel. Guess how that’s going to turn out?
I want to thank The United States Secret Service, and all of Law Enforcement, for their rapid response on the shooting that just took place in Butler, Pennsylvania. Most importantly, I want to extend my condolences to the family of the person at the Rally who was killed, and also to the family of another person that was badly injured. It is incredible that such an act can take place in our Country. Nothing is known at this time about the shooter, who is now dead. I was shot with a bullet that pierced the upper part of my right ear. I knew immediately that something was wrong in that I heard a whizzing sound, shots, and immediately felt the bullet ripping through the skin. Much bleeding took place, so I realized then what was happening. GOD BLESS AMERICA!
I was the one who got the $35 Insulin, not Lyin’ Kamala. I’ve never seen a group that lies so much, like making up, out of thin air, that the U.S. produced 818,000 New Jobs, when it was a total fraud that they had to recant; or that she worked so hard at McDonalds, BUT SHE NEVER WORKED THERE. They even said that they knew nothing about Deranged Jack Smith going after their political opponent, ME - And that was the biggest lie of them all. But fear not, we will WIN and, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I was thrilled to be back in the city I grew up in, the city I spent my life in, the city I HELPED BUILD, and the city WE ALL LOVE—THANK YOU!
I will be doing a General News Conference at 2:00 P.M. at Mar-a-Lago, Palm Beach. Thank you!
I will be doing a LIVE PLAY BY PLAY on TRUTH Social of Comrade Kamala Harris’ Speech tonight at the Democrat National Convention in Chicago. We will start at 10 P.M., Eastern, and be covering and commenting on some of the earlier Speeches made, prior to hers. She became the Nominee without receiving one Vote, stealing the Nomination from Crooked Joe Biden who earned it by getting 14 Million Votes. I am no fan of Biden, who was the Worst President in the History of the United States and, likewise, she is considered to be the Worst Vice President (and Border “Czar”) in the History of the United States, but Biden got “shafted.” We will expose all of her Radicalism, the horrible job she did at the Border, Crime, and Foreign Relations, and her Weaponization against her Political Opponent, using corrupt Prosecutors and Courts in New York, Washington, D.C., and Atlanta. I hope everybody will be following along on TRUTH, tonight!
I WILL BE GOING BACK TO BUTLER, PENNSYLVANIA, FOR A BIG AND BEAUTIFUL RALLY, HONORING THE SOUL OF OUR BELOVED FIREFIGHTING HERO, COREY, AND THOSE BRAVE PATRIOTS INJURED TWO WEEKS AGO. WHAT A DAY IT WILL BE — FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT! STAY TUNED FOR DETAILS.
I WILL BE INTERVIEWED (SUNDAY MORNING FUTURES) THIS MORNING BY THE GREAT MARIA BARTIROMO ON FOXNEWS. ENJOY!!!
I will be interviewed by Dr. Phil on Merit Street Media, and the MERIT+ app (Merit Plus), TODAY!
I will protect our WORKERS. I will protect our JOBS. I will protect our BORDERS. I will protect our FAMILIES—and I will protect the BIRTHRIGHT of our CHILDREN to live in the RICHEST and most POWERFUL NATION on the face of the EARTH! https://swampthevoteusa.com/
I won the Debate, but was criticized by the Radical Left Lunatics because I looked “angry and forceful.” But think, why wouldn’t I be angry? I love the U.S.A., and it is being destroyed by grossly incompetent leadership. Inflation, A Terrible Economy, Horrible Military Decisions, No Respect from around the World, and more than 20 Million people, many from prisons and mental institutions, are pouring into our Country, and creating Havoc, Crime, and Destruction, like never seen before. Am I supposed to be smiling, like Comrade Kamala Harris, with her FAKE one-and-a-half hour smile and long practiced facial expressions, despite all of the problems that she and Crooked Joe have caused. No, there’s nothing to smile about, but there will be in the not too distant future, when America makes the biggest Comeback in History. November 5th - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would like to thank everyone for your concern and well wishes - It was certainly an interesting day! Most importantly, I want to thank the U.S. Secret Service, Sheriff Ric Bradshaw and his Office of brave and dedicated Patriots, and, all of Law Enforcement, for the incredible job done today at Trump International in keeping me, as the 45th President of the United States, and the Republican Nominee in the upcoming Presidential Election, SAFE. THE JOB DONE WAS ABSOLUTELY OUTSTANDING. I AM VERY PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN!
I’ll be in Atlanta soon, getting ready to land. Crazy Kamala was here a week ago, lots of empty seats, but the Crowd she got was because she had Entertainers, and it started leaving 10 minutes into her Speech. I don’t need Entertainers to fill a Stadium, MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN is your Entertainment! Join me LIVE, this evening at 5:00PM EASTERN in Atlanta Georgia. Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @OAN, @realamericasvoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. Big crowd—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v59fxa5-live-president-trump-in-atlanta-ga.html
IF NICOLE CAN READ THIS LATEST SMITH INDICTMENT AND ARRIVE AT THIS TRUTH, WHICH IS PROFOUNDLY CORRECT, HOW LONG WILL IT BE BEFORE OTHER LIBERAL MSM START TO REALIZE THE DIRTBAG DEM CRIMINAL DC ORGANIZATION IS TRYING TO INTERFERE IN AN ELECTION AND DESTROY AN HONEST MAN, HIS FAMILY AND MAGA VICTORY IN NOV AND JAN20TH BEGIN DAY ONE MAGA POLICIES NOW PROCLAIM EVEN MORE EVIL BE EXPOSED AS MORE SEE MAGA TRUTH YES OPEN THEY EYES  LORD
If those people rioting in Washington yesterday were Republicans/Conservatives, they’d all be in jail right now, facing 10 to 20 year sentences. Under this Crooked Administration, nothing will happen to them!
IF YOU HAVEN’T VOTED YET, PLEASE CLICK THE LINK BELOW TO MAKE YOUR PLAN. We can’t afford to take ANY chances—YOU MUST VOTE! Stand with me with your vote and with your voice. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://swampthevoteusa.com/
If you love our former First Lady as much as me, and are ready for the Truth, buy her new book now!MELANIA provides an insightful perspective of her tenure as First Lady of the United States, highlighting our shared experiences, her entrepreneurial achievements, plus the challenges and triumphs she experienced since her childhood in Europe. Pre-Order Now: https://www.amazon.com/dp/1510782699?ref=cm_sw_r_cp_ud_dp_RQ9BXVVYWCBYFADC3N0H&ref_=cm_sw_r_cp_ud_dp_RQ9BXVVYWCBYFADC3N0H&social_share=cm_sw_r_cp_ud_dp_RQ9BXVVYWCBYFADC3N0H&skipTwisterOG=1&dplnkId=70f87fab-ca93-416a-b42d-b386dd7ff4f2&nodl=1
If you love our former First Lady as much as me, and are ready for the Truth, buy her new book now!MELANIA provides an insightful perspective of her tenure as First Lady of the United States, highlighting our shared experiences, her entrepreneurial achievements, plus the challenges and triumphs she experienced since her childhood in Europe. Pre-Order Now: https://www.amazon.com/dp/1510782699?ref=cm_sw_r_cp_ud_dp_RQ9BXVVYWCBYFADC3N0H&ref_=cm_sw_r_cp_ud_dp_RQ9BXVVYWCBYFADC3N0H&social_share=cm_sw_r_cp_ud_dp_RQ9BXVVYWCBYFADC3N0H&skipTwisterOG=1&dplnkId=70f87fab-ca93-416a-b42d-b386dd7ff4f2&nodl=1
If you want lower prices, VOTE TRUMP! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
Illegal Migrants who are POURING INTO OUR COUNTRY, in record numbers, are taking the JOBS away from Black and Hispanic people who have held them for years. It is devastating for the Black and Hispanic patriots of our Nation. These jobs are not replaceable, and never will be because, under Comrade Kamala Harris, the Border will be WIDE OPEN and there will always be more people coming in, many of them terrorists and criminals, than jobs available. KAMALA IS KILLING BLACK AND HISPANIC HERITAGE, SHE IS KILLING THEIR LEGACY AND THEIR RIGHTS. REGISTER AND VOTE FOR YOUR ALL TIME FAVORITE PRESIDENT, ME. NOVEMBER 5TH WILL BE THE MOST IMPORTANT DAY IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history — I will rescue every town across America that has been invaded and conquered and we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell OUT OF OUR COUNTRY!
In addition to the fact that I did nothing wrong, NDA’s are totally legal and commonly used, and that virtually every legal Scholar and Expert says, in written form, that this is a case which has NO MERIT and should not have been brought, my lawyers have informed me that the highly Conflicted and Corrupt Judge, Juan Merchan, will not allow RELIANCE ON COUNSEL, which virtually everyone is allowed to use, as an additional, though not needed because I did NOTHING WRONG, Defense. This “Case,” which could have been brought seven years ago but wasn’t because it has no merit, is a disgrace. It was only begun to interfere with Crooked Joe Biden’s Political Opponent, ME. RELIANCE ON COUNSEL. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In an effort to resurrect a “dead” Witch Hunt in Washington, D.C., in an act of desperation, and in order to save face, the illegally appointed “Special Counsel” Deranged Jack Smith, has brought a ridiculous new Indictment against me, which has all the problems of the old Indictment, and should be dismissed IMMEDIATELY. His Florida Document Hoax Case has been completely dismissed. This is merely an attempt to INTERFERE WITH THE ELECTION, and distract the American People from the catastrophes Kamala Harris has inflicted on our Nation, like the Border Invasion, Migrant Crime, Rampant Inflation, the threat of World War III, and more….
In light of what is going on in the world today, I believe it is imperative that Robert F. Kennedy Jr. receive Secret Service protection — immediately. Given the history of the Kennedy Family, this is the obvious right thing to do!
In the World of Boxing or UFC, when a Fighter gets beaten or knocked out, they get up and scream, “I DEMAND A REMATCH, I DEMAND A REMATCH!” Well, it’s no different with a Debate. She was beaten badly last night. Every Poll has us WINNING, in one case, 92-8, so why would I do a Rematch?
Is this really who you want to be your President?
It has been determined that Google has illegally used a system of only revealing and displaying bad stories about Donald J. Trump, some made up for this purpose while, at the same time, only revealing good stories about Comrade Kamala Harris. This is an ILLEGAL ACTIVITY, and hopefully the Justice Department will criminally prosecute them for this blatant Interference of Elections. If not, and subject to the Laws of our Country, I will request their prosecution, at the maximum levels, when I win the Election, and become President of the United States!
It has just come out that Democrats in Washington and the Democrat Governor’s Office of North Carolina (Roy Cooper) were blocking people and money from coming into North Carolina to help people in desperate need. Biden knew about it, and so did Kamala! It’s all over the place – A HORRIBLE SITUATION. I will make it up to everyone when we take Office on January 20th. HOLD ON, I’M COMING!
It is a Total and Complete American Tragedy that the Crooked Joe Biden Department of Injustice is so desperate to jail Steve Bannon, and every other Republican, for that matter, for not SUBMITTING to the Unselect Committee of Political Thugs, made up of all Democrats, and two CRAZED FORMER REPUBLICAN LUNATICS, Cryin’ Adam Kinzinger, and Liz “Out of Her Mind” Cheney. It has been irrefutably proven that it was the Unselects who committed actual crimes when they deleted and destroyed all material evidence, in a pathetic attempt to protect Crazy Nancy Pelosi and other Democrats from the TRUTH — THAT I DID ABSOLUTELY NOTHING WRONG. The unAmerican Weaponization of our Law Enforcement has reached levels of Illegality never thought possible before. INDICT THE UNSELECT J6 COMMITTEE FOR ILLEGALLY DELETING AND DESTROYING ALL OF THEIR “FINDINGS!” MAGA2024
IT IS DOJ POLICY…
It is now officially ELECTION DAY! This will be the most important day in American History.Voter enthusiasm is THROUGH THE ROOF because people want to Make America Great Again. That means lines are going to be long!I need you to deliver your vote no matter how long it takes. STAY IN LINE! The Radical Communist Democrats want you to pack up and go home. Together, we are going to have a tremendous victory and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It was great being in Wisconsin! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
It was great seeing my friends His Highness Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, Amir of Qatar and His Excellency Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al Thani, Prime Minister of Qatar at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Florida. The Amir has proven to be a great and powerful leader of his country, advancing on all levels at record speed. He is someone also who strongly wants peace in the Middle East, and all over the world. We had a great relationship during my years in the White House, and it will be even stronger this time around!
It was hardworking Patriots like you who built this Country, and 5 days from now, it is hardworking Patriots like you who are going to SAVE our Country! THANK YOU, NEVADA! https://vote.donaldjtrump.com/nv/
It was my honor to speak to our Great Veterans and their families in Wisconsin and Florida tonight—live from Bedminster, New Jersey. God Bless The USA!
IT’S HISTORICAL THE WORST PRESIDENT IN HISTORY JOE BIDEN
It’s less than 100 days! We got to gather, we got to get the message out! We got to get @realDonaldTrump back! That’s all we got to focus on! That’s all what matters right now! Who needs Fake FOX & CO when we have  #Truth ! #TruthSocial is our REAL voice! Get everyone you know signed up- TODAY!!! #Trump2024 #MAGA
Janel Brandtjen is a Proven Fighter for Wisconsin! She has consistently defended Constitutional Freedoms, and fought for Free and Transparent Elections in Wisconsin. Janel has proven her integrity and dogged determination to keep Wisconsin FREE. Wisconsin needs Leaders who will empower Constituents to Hold their Elected Officials Accountable. No one does that better than Janel Brandtjen. WISCONSIN, GET OUT AND VOTE. Janel Brandtjen has my Complete and Total Endorsement - She will NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Jesse Watters: “Just weeks after CBS News moderators muted JD Vance's mic at the debate, the network was caught airing a deceptively dirty edit of Kamala Harris' interview on ‘60 Minutes.’ In the clip they promoted, she couldn't articulate her Middle East policy, but in the final cut her answer was coherent. The Trump campaign is demanding CBS release the raw interview.”
Jim Trusty: “As a prosecutor, that judgment has really widened the playing field here by saying there doesn't need to be unanimous agreement.”
Job opportunities are available to help GET OUT THE VOTE FOR TRUMP! Visit https://www.turnoutfortrump.com/ to apply. We must SWAMP THE VOTE.
JOE BIDEN WAS REJECTED WITH HIS HOAX ON TRYING TO GET STUDENT LOANS PAID OFF…
Joe should immediately take a Cognitive Test, and I will go with him, and take one also. For the first time we’ll be a team, and do it for the good of the Country….And from now on, all Presidential candidates should be mandated to take a Cognitive Test and Aptitude Test, regardless of their age!!!
Joe Teirab is a terrific America First Candidate running to represent the Great People of Minnesota’s 2nd Congressional District! A Marine Corps Veteran and Former Federal Prosecutor, Joe will be a tireless fighter in Congress who will work hard to Grow the Economy, Stop Inflation, Uphold the Rule of Law, Secure the Border, Promote American Energy, Stand with our Great Military/Vets, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. He is also supported by my friend, House Majority Whip Tom Emmer, and many other Highly Respected Leaders in Minnesota. Joe Teirab has my Complete and Total Endorsement – HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
Joe Teirab is a terrific America First Candidate running to represent the Great People of Minnesota’s 2nd Congressional District! A Marine Corps Veteran and Former Federal Prosecutor, Joe will be a tireless fighter in Congress who will work hard to Grow the Economy, Stop Inflation, Uphold the Rule of Law, Secure the Border, Promote American Energy, Stand with our Great Military/Vets, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. He is also supported by my friend, House Majority Whip Tom Emmer, and many other Highly Respected Leaders in Minnesota. Joe Teirab has my Complete and Total Endorsement – HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
JOHN YOO, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL: “WHAT HAPPENS TO THE PRESIDENCY AND OUR CONSTITUTIONAL SYSTEM…”
Join https://www.TrumpForce47.com today—MAGA2024!
Join https://www.TrumpForce47.com today!
Join me at the Central Wisconsin Airport this Saturday, September 7th in Mosinee, Wisconsin—at 1:00PM CDT! Get your tickets today at: https://event.donaldjtrump.com/events/president-donald-j-trump-to-hold-a-rally-in-mosinee-wisconsin
Join me at Trump National Doral Miami on Tuesday, July 9th—at 7:00PM Eastern! Get your tickets today at: https://event.donaldjtrump.com/events/president-donald-j-trump-to-hold-a-rally-in-doral-florida
Join me at Trump National Doral Miami on Tuesday, July 9th—at 7:00PM Eastern! Get your tickets today at: https://event.donaldjtrump.com/events/president-donald-j-trump-to-hold-a-rally-in-doral-florida
Join me from Trump Tower, live at 11:00AM Eastern! https://rumble.com/v4ynln9-press-conference.html
Join me in Butler, Pennsylvania on Saturday, July 13th—at 5:00PM Eastern! Get your tickets today at: https://event.donaldjtrump.com/events/president-donald-j-trump-to-hold-a-rally-in-butler-pennsylvania
Join me in Racine, Wisconsin on Tuesday, June 18th! Tickets: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/events
Join me in Racine, Wisconsin on Tuesday, June 18th! Tickets: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/events
Join me LIVE at 7:00PM Eastern tonight from West Palm Beach, Florida with CLUB 47 — Will be on @RSBN, @realamericasvoice, @NewsMax, and @OAN. See you soon—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v50miki-live-president-trump-celebrates-his-birthday-at-club-47-61424.html
Join me live from Asheboro, North Carolina at 2:00PM Eastern, where I will be delivering remarks on National Security. Will be on @RSBN, @realAmericasVoice, @OAN, @NewsMax, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v5bqd4b-live-president-trump-in-asheboro-nc.html
Join me live from the Southern Border in Arizona at 2:30pmEDT. Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @realAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v5by1cy-live-president-trump-in-montezuma-pass-az.html
Join me live from TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL, MIAMI at 7:00PM Eastern. Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @OAN, @realamericasvoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble video, among others. Big crowd—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v565mpf-live-president-trump-in-doral-fl.html
Join me live from TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL, MIAMI at 7:00PM Eastern. Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @OAN, @realamericasvoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble video, among others. Big crowd—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v565mpf-live-president-trump-in-doral-fl.html
Join me live in Albuquerque, New Mexico at 12pmMDT/2pmEDT. Will be on @RSBN, @realAmericasVoice, @NewsMax, @OAN, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v5kw64z-live-president-trump-in-albuquerque-nm.html
Join me live in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania at 4:00pmEDT! Will be on @NewsMax, @OAN, @RSBN, @realAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024!! https://rumble.com/v5km17p-live-president-trump-in-drexel-hill-pa.html
Join me live in Indiana, Pennsylvania at 7:15PM Eastern—Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @realAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v5fxcqc-live-president-trump-in-indiana-pa.html
Join me live in Johnstown, Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally at 4:30PM Eastern.Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @RealAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. LIVE: https://rumble.com/v5cz8dp-live-president-trump-in-johnstown-pa.html
JOIN ME LIVE IN MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN AT 10pmEDT. Will be on @RSBN, @realAmericasVoice, @OAN, @NewsMax, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others! https://rumble.com/v5l9amk-live-president-trump-in-milwaukee-wi.html
JOIN ME LIVE IN THE GREAT STATE OF WISCONSIN—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v5cwfmd-live-president-trump-in-la-crosse-wi.html
Join me LIVE in Warren, Michigan at 4:30pmEDT. Will be on @RSBN, @OAN, @realAmericasVoice, @NewsMax, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble. See you soon—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v5l7iiq-live-president-trump-in-warren-mi.html
Join me LIVE in Washington, D.C. at the Moms for Liberty National Summit! https://rumble.com/v5chm78-live-president-trump-speaks-at-moms-for-liberty-national-summit-in-d.c.-830.html
Join me LIVE this afternoon at 4:00PM Eastern from Charlotte, North Carolina where I will be delivering remarks at the National Fraternal Order of Police Conference! https://rumble.com/v5drxf1-live-president-trump-in-charlotte-nc.html
Join me on Friday, August 30th at 4:30PM Eastern for a RALLY in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Get your tickets today at: https://event.donaldjtrump.com/events/president-donald-j-trump-to-hold-a-rally-in-johnstown-pennsylvania
Join me this evening at 6:00 P.M. EASTERN—LIVE from Charlotte, North Carolina. Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @OAN, @realamericasvoice, and Donald J. Trump, among others. BIG CROWD—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v585tul-live-president-trump-in-charlotte-nc.html
Join me this evening at 8:00 P.M. EASTERN—LIVE from St. Cloud, Minnesota. Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @OAN, @realamericasvoice, and Donald J. Trump, among others—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v58k71t-live-president-trump-in-st.-cloud-mn.html
Join me this Thursday, August 29, 2024 at 6:00PM US/CENTRAL at the La Crosse Center in beautiful WISCONSIN! “President Donald J. Trump to Hold a Town Hall in La Crosse, Wisconsin”Tickets: https://event.donaldjtrump.com/events/president-donald-j-trump-to-hold-a-town-hall-in-la-crosse-wisconsin
Join me today in Las Vegas, Nevada at 12:00pmPDT/3:00pmEST. Will be on @NewsMax, @RSBN, @OAN, @RealAmericasVoice, and Donald J Trump @Rumble, among others. Big crowd—See you soon! MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v50kfpb-president-trump-in-las-vegas-nv.html
Jonathan Turley: “A classic closing pitch by lawyers is to use a physical object like a three-legged stool. If any leg is missing, the stool collapses. Even a cursory review of the evidence shows this case does not have a leg to stand on…The case against Trump should end in ‘NOT GUILTY.’”
Jonathan Turley: “For Trump, this rips the wings of the plane that Jack Smith has been trying to take off in D.C.”
Jonathan Turley: “Smith was clearly eager to get this out before the public despite Justice Department policies that encourage prosecutors to avoid acts that would be viewed as trying to influence an election. He is trying to thread the needle in this filing to get around the Supreme Court immunity decision…The new case is to indictments what shrinkflation is to products -- same package just less content. Smith knows that he has a motivated and supportive judge and wants to simply prove the same basic claims on less evidence.”
Jonathan Turley: “The one thing we didn’t know—is really what he was found guilty of…”
Josh Brecheen is an incredible advocate for the wonderful people of Oklahoma’s 2nd Congressional District!A Fearless Conservative, Josh is Fighting to Secure our Border, Lower Inflation, Champion American Oil and Gas, Support our Amazing Military & Vets, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Josh Brecheen has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Joy Reid on MSNBC, perhaps the most pro-Biden, anti-Trump person on cable news, said this: “My phone never really stopped buzzing throughout. The universal reaction was … approaching panic!”
Judge Jeanine: “It clearly is not fair…none of this is fair…this whole trial is a make believe trial in the sense that these are crimes we’ve never heard of based upon dead misdemeanors…”
Judge Patrick William O'GRADY is an outstanding candidate for the Michigan Supreme Court — he has my full support! He has served America in the US Army Reserve, as a Michigan State Police Trooper, as a Prosecutor, and currently as a Circuit Court Judge. His experience is prefect, having handled thousands of cases over the years with every type of criminal matter. He is a strong Rule of Law Judge who has proven record shows he will never make it up from the Bench — he will make decisions according to how the law is written! Michigan needs to unite behind him now. Vote Judge Patrick William O'GRADY for Michigan Supreme Court at the end of the ballot in the Non-Partisan section!
JUST ARRIVED IN THE GREAT STATE OF GEORGIA, THANK YOU—MAGA2024!! DO YOUR PART, GEORGIA: MAKE OUR VICTORY TOO BIG TO RIG: https://vote.donaldjtrump.com/ga/
Just arrived in the Great State of Michigan! Join me LIVE at 5:00PM Eastern on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @OAN, @realamericasvoice, and Donald J. Trump Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v57pc85-live-president-donald-trump-and-vp-nominee-senator-jd-vance-ingrand-rapids-.html
Just days ago, a young USMC veteran named Nicholas Quets from Arizona was driving through Mexico for a beach weekend with his friends when he was viciously gunned down on the highway and murdered by members of a Mexican Cartel. His family joined me this evening in Henderson, Nevada…
Just had a great meeting with President Zelenskyy of Ukraine. If I’m elected President, the war with Russia and Ukraine will end quickly. If not, that war will never end, and will phase into WORLD WAR III. Comrade Harris will NEVER BE ABLE TO END THE WAR, and hasn’t. Nothing will change except THE DEATH AND DESTRUCTION WILL ONLY GET WORSE!  MAGA2024
Just landed in Detroit, Michigan. Will be delivering remarks to the Detroit Economic Club at 1:00PM EDT. Join me live on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @realAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v5i6rh9-live-president-trump-in-detroit-mi.html
Just landed in Georgia! Join me live in Macon at 7:15pmEDT. Will be on @RSBN, @realAmericasVoice, @NewsMax, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. Will see you soon—TOGETHER, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://rumble.com/v5lpl4t-live-president-trump-in-macon-ga.html
Just landed in MICHIGAN—Join me LIVE at 3:30PM Eastern. Will be on @RSBN, @Newsmax, @realAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v5csb1t-live-president-trump-in-potterville-mi.html
Just landed in Pennsylvania! Join me live at 3:00PM EDT—Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @realAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024! Live link: https://rumble.com/v5i22s4-live-president-trump-in-scranton-pa.html On my way to Scranton, Pennsylvania! Join me LIVE at 3:00PM EDT—Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @realAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v5i22s4-live-president-trump-in-scranton-pa.html
Just landed in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Join me live for a Town Hall in OAKS, PA at 7:00PM EDT! LIVE LINK: https://rumble.com/v5ikybx-live-president-trump-in-oaks-pa.html
Just look at that LINE! Aurora, CO https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/live-president-trump-holds-a-rally-in-aurora-co-10-11-24/
JUST OUT: 13,000 people convicted of murder have crossed into our Country through Kamala Harris’ Open Border - NON DETAINED, NON CITIZEN, CONVICTED CRIMINALS! I’ve been saying this from the beginning of the Harris-Biden Administration, as soon as I learned they opened the Borders. Nobody who has allowed this to happen to our Country is fit to be President of the United States! Bad timing for her to show up to the Border today, after not going for four years. Why didn’t she release these numbers earlier?
Just watched Kamala’s Fake News Conference - ALL LIES! She is desperate but, more importantly, she looks totally EXHAUSTED! She should rest now, and leave the Campaigning to me!
Just yesterday, it was reported that more than 1,000 members of the savage Venezuelan Gang “Tren de Aragua” are plotting to conduct ambush attacks on police and law enforcement in the United States—all while Harris and Biden sit in the White House and try to figure out who is dumber.On Sunday, in a separate incident, a Venezuelan illegal alien criminal let in by Border Czar Harris shot a female police officer in Texas multiple times with a rifle—thankfully, the officer is expected to survive, but many victims are not so lucky. In Texas last month, 12-year-old Jocelyn Nungaray was tied up, sexually assaulted, and strangled to death by two illegal aliens who Biden and Harris released into the United States.If Border Czar Harris stays in charge, every single week will bring a never-ending stream of illegal alien rapists, bloodthirsty killers, and child predators to go after our sons and daughters.
Kamala and Sleepy Joe are currently representing our Country. She is our “Border Czar,” the worst in history, and has been for over 3 years. VOTE TRUMP AND, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 2024
KAMALA BROKE IT, BUT I WILL FIX IT! With your VOTE, inflation will END. The border will be SAFE & SECURE. We will have PEACE across the globe. WITH YOUR VOTE, AMERICA WILL ENTER A NEW GOLDEN AGE! Vote TRUMP to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://swampthevoteusa.com/
Kamala Harris and the Department of Justice have once again launched an unconstitutional and illegal attack on America’s Democracy. This time, Kamala Harris, who is losing in the Polls, is trying to flood our Elections with NON-CITIZENS - These votes are ILLEGAL! Governor Glenn Youngkin, who is doing an incredible job, was correct in removing non-citizens from the voter rolls, a Law that was actually passed by then Democrat Governor Tim Kaine. Now Kamala, because we are doing so well in Virginia, wants to put those non-citizens back on the voter rolls, even though they aren’t allowed to vote. The only reason for this is CHEATING. This is unAmerican and, with less than 30 days until the Election, it’s clear-cut ELECTION INTERFERENCE. Kamala Harris can’t win fair-and-square, so she is doing everything she can to undermine Honest and Fair Elections. We must protect American Voters, and protect America’s Democracy!
Kamala Harris did NOTHING as 120,000 Armenian Christians were horrifically persecuted and forcibly displaced in Artsakh. Christians around the World will not be safe if Kamala Harris is President of the United States. When I am President, I will protect persecuted Christians, I will work to stop the violence and ethnic cleansing, and we will restore PEACE between Armenia and Azerbaijan.
KAMALA HARRIS GOES THE EXACT OPPOSITE WAY ON HER LIFELONG POLICIES REGARDING ENERGY, HEALTHCARE, CRIME, AND BORDER. WHAT A JOKE SHE IS!!!
Kamala Harris has finally lost the Catholic vote. Her and the Democrat’s persecution of the Catholic Church is unprecedented! Her poll numbers have dropped like a rock, both with Catholics, and otherwise. What took so long? RFK JR. has been pushing hard for Catholics to VOTE FOR TRUMP. Kamala again made a fool of herself last night at a Radical Left fundraiser, and this after putting on a very Low IQ display at a FAKE NEWS CNN Town Hall. She was almost incoherent, and even host Allison Cooper, who couldn’t get her to make any sense, became agitated. Kamala is DEMANDING LATE TERM ABORTION, in months 7, 8, and 9, and even execution after birth, and people aren’t buying it - and they never will. She is a Radical Left Lunatic!
Kamala Harris has made it clear that she plans to continue Joe Biden's economic policies- Which have allowed struggling American families everywhere the chance to pay $100 for $40 worth of groceries, and $50 for $20 worth of gasShe is actually quite proud of her "accomplishments"And so are her voters#PHPnewsIf anyone enjoys networking with other conservative thinkers, please consider following me.I would love to connect and stay in touch
Kamala Harris is allowing Venezuela's dangerous criminals to freely enter our country through her WIDE OPEN Southern Border, and now she wants to bring Venezuela's dangerous economic policies into our Nation as well. If Kamala is elected and implements her Communist Price Caps, there will be famine, starvation, and poverty, the likes of which we have never seen. America will NEVER recover!
Kamala Harris is the Weakest Presidential Candidate in History on Crime. She’s allowed millions of people to pour through our Borders, many from prisons, mental institutions and, indeed, terrorists, coming in at levels never seen before. What gives her the right to run for President? She got no votes to Biden’s 14 Million. She failed in her previous attempt, was the first one out of 22 people to quit, never made it to Iowa, and now she’s a Presidential Candidate? This is a Threat to Democracy!
Kamala Harris just said, after 10 years of weak statements, and 3 1/2 years of REALLY WEAK ACTIONS, that she wants to get tough on the Border. Well, why hasn’t she done it, it’s almost four years too late. She’s all talk, NO ACTION! Our Country is being absolutely obliterated by her, our wonderful “Border Czar,” allowing millions of people to pour in, totally unchecked and unvetted, with large numbers of terrorists, and many others from prisons and mental institutions. Because of her, we have become a DUMPING GROUND FOR THE WORLD. KAMALA BROKE IT, I WILL FIX IT!
Kamala Harris REFUSES to acknowledge Joe Biden's cognitive decline while baselessly attacking President Trump's fitness."Joe Biden, I have watched from the Oval Office to the Situation Room. And he has the judgement and the experience to do what he has done..."
Kamala Harris was put in sole charge of the Border. It quickly became the WORST AND MOST DANGEROUS BORDER IN HISTORY. As President, Harris will completely DESTROY OUR COUNTRY!
KAMALA HARRIS' MIGRANT CRIME EPIDEMIC IN GEORGIA…
KAMALA HARRIS' MIGRANT CRIME EPIDEMIC IN MICHIGAN…
KAMALA HARRIS' MIGRANT CRIME EPIDEMIC IN NORTH CAROLINA…
Kamala Harris’ sinking Campaign has become so TOXIC, that Democrat Senators in four different States are using me in their advertisements, and stating that they are with President Trump on Tariffs, and numerous other things. While it is a great compliment, it is not fair to those Republican Senate Candidates, Bernie Moreno, Dave McCormick, Eric Hovde, and Sam Brown, who are with me all the time. These Democrats have voted with Crooked Joe Biden almost 100% of the time. They only pretend to be on my side when Elections roll around. OHIO, PENNSYLVANIA, WISCONSIN, NEVADA: VOTE FOR BERNIE MORENO, DAVE MCCORMICK, ERIC HOVDE, AND SAM BROWN - THEY ARE THE ONES WHO ARE WITH US!
KAMALA IS IN THE ADMINISTRATION NOW! SHE DOES NOTHING BUT COMPLAIN ABOUT THE TERRIBLE BORDER, ECONOMY, AND INFLATION. WHY DOESN’T SHE FIX IT NOW? BECAUSE SHE CAN’T - SHE DOESN’T HAVE A CLUE!
KAMALA IS INCOMPETENT!!!
Kamala is now running billboards near the Border advertising FREE Legal Services for Illegal Alien Criminals. When I win, the billboards are coming down, and the Migrant Gangs are going home!
Kamala is WORSE than Biden—she destroyed San Francisco, destroyed California, and is destroying our Country...
Kamala wouldn’t allow for protection to take care of this crowd. So rather than having 50,000 in a field, we’re using a small arena—but she is not going to stop us, and everyone knows, she doesn’t have what it takes! Join me live: https://rumble.com/v5gmq7x-live-president-trump-in-prairie-du-chien-wi.html
Kamala: You ruined San Francisco, one of the greatest cities in the World, you ruined California, one of the greatest places on Earth - And you will turn America into a giant combination of both. We are not going to let that happen. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kamala’s Border Invasion is killing the jobs of our Black and Hispanic populations. BAD NUMBERS, will only get worse!
Kash Patel: “@realDonaldTrump’s case is littered with reasonable doubt because he is not guilty- there is no crime. He is [an] innocent man.”
Kat Timpf has just written an amazing book, “I Used to Like You Until...: (How Binary Thinking Divides Us).” With her great wit, Kat exposes the Radical Left’s War on Free Speech, and inspires us all to HAVE FUN. The Democrats are a sorry bunch. I’ve said it before, THEY HAVE NO SENSE OF HUMOR! Get your copy today: https://www.amazon.com/Used-Like-You-Until-Thinking/dp/1668067277/ref=sr_1_1?dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.wwoGMWAqCzwsU44tYg7EC9Z34smGHjij7H76x3lFi_c6hzakKADdea3Ck-cGp8m_dNbqJzS7xnRAEXm1BS-HjDAswZPgCF8TmNmfcoXMR3W9ZGXLqurgtJeyxCRm3KguoHYl8N8YmkRpPHC5DdwDif3qrnkA-xGStxgv0AIadIHkxlPX24_NY0SMV5cHqRklDw7x73MWyymSkJHd3jENuLxeVctcyhgZ0XskAZeVjuM.yySW5wbMYyxu0mNBWvogYzEsNqtYcscgvbLBwzSjjbI&dib_tag=se&hvadid=693887721265&hvdev=c&hvexpln=67&hvlocphy=200511&hvnetw=g&hvocijid=10715724051173259913--&hvqmt=e&hvrand=10715724051173259913&hvtargid=kwd-1961249035339&hydadcr=22537_13493358&keywords=kat+timpf+new+book&qid=1727191618&sr=8-1
Kevin Coughlin is a terrific America First Candidate running to represent the Incredible People of Ohio’s 13th Congressional District! As a very successful Small Businessman, Kevin knows how to Fight Inflation, Grow the Economy, Lower Taxes, Cut Regulations, and Eliminate Government Waste. In Congress, Kevin will work tirelessly to Secure our Border, Stop Migrant Crime, Strengthen our Incredible Military/Vets, Restore American Energy DOMINANCE, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Kevin Coughlin has my Complete and Total Endorsement - HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
Landing in Las Vegas. Will be at The Expo at World Market Center soon. Big Rally! Join me live in Las Vegas, Nevada at 10:00PM Eastern. Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @realAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v5etvxh-live-president-trump-in-las-vegas-nv.html
Laura Ingraham: “There was no crime that was committed.”
Let’s all continue to keep the American hostages held in Gaza in our thoughts. They must be brought home! Edan Alexander Omer Neutra Hersh Goldberg PolinSagui Deckel Chen Kith Siegel
LIVE IN BOZEMAN. MONTANA: https://rumble.com/v5a65tp-live-president-trump-in-bozeman-mt.html
LIVE: RSBN kicks off pre-show at Trump rally in Greenville, NC!https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/live-president-trump-holds-a-rally-in-greenville-nc-10-21-24/
Look at the World today — Look at the missiles flying right now in the Middle East, look at what’s happening with Russia/Ukraine, look at Inflation destroying the World. NONE OF THIS HAPPENED WHILE I WAS PRESIDENT!
Look, it’s Crazy Nancy Pelosi looking on, saying, “Where’s Crooked Joe?”
Lt. Gov. Pamela Evette: “Last night’s CCMFLive crowd showed up and showed out for President Trump! These 40,000+ patriots want Trump back in office this November. Without a doubt - SC is Trump country!”
Lyin’ Kamal Harris, who refuses to do interviews or press conferences because she has no idea how to answer the questions, and is now losing in the polls, continues to make a thing called Project 2025 the central theme of her campaign, advertising and all. Lyin’ Kamala has been informed, legally, that I have, and had, nothing to do with it, NEVER READ IT, NEVER SAW IT, but her ads continue, full blast. When you see them talking about Project 2025, remember, Kamala is lying, just like she lied about working at McDonalds (she didn’t!), or added 818,000 new jobs that didn’t exist (a fraud!), and sooo many other lies. Just like San Francisco and California, itself, she would, if given the chance, COMPLETELY DESTROY OUR COUNTRY!
Lyin’ Kamala Harris has wisely chosen Bret Baier, of FoxNews, to do a much needed interview, because he is considered to be “Fair & Balanced,” though often very soft to those on the “cocktail circuit” Left. I would have preferred seeing a more hard hitting journalist, but Fox has grown so weak and soft on the Democrats, constantly polluting the airwaves with unopposed Kamala Representatives, that it all doesn’t matter anymore. Hopefully, the people will understand on November 5th, and Early Voting. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Lyin’ Kamala just put out a request for another Debate because they lost so badly tonight - Again, it’s like the fighter who lost, gets up and says, “I WANT A REMATCH.” I beat Biden, I then beat her, and I’m not looking to do it again, too far down the line. Votes are already cast - And I’m leading BIG in the Polls. I’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, she’s incapable of it!
MAGA RALLY TODAY IN ATLANTA GEORGIA@realDonaldTrump @JDVance1 MOREINFOhttps://realamericasvoice.substack.com/p/maga-rally-in-atlanta-georgia
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I was thrilled to be back in the city I grew up in, the city I spent my life in, the city I HELPED BUILD, and the city WE ALL LOVE—THANK YOU!
MARK LEVIN DISCUSSES THE RIGGED TRIAL, A MUST WATCH! MARK LEVIN, ON NOW, ABOUT THE RIGGED TRIAL - EVERYONE SHOULD BE WATCHING!
Mark Levin Interview tonight at 8:00, on FoxNews. Enjoy!
Mark Levin: “Here she (Kamala Harris) is basically comparing U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE), to the perception of the Ku Klux Klan…the combination of stupidity and arrogance is on full display, right here!”
Mark Levin: "Iran all in for Harris." https://www.politico.com/news/2024/09/18/fbi-says-iran-sent-hacked-trump-info-to-biden-campaign-00179951
Mark Levin: “Now this is the real Kamala Harris…”
Matt Gaetz is a great representative for the amazing people of Florida's 1st Congressional District!  Matt is a Warrior for our MAGA Agenda, who tirelessly works to Drain the Swamp, Secure the Border, Support our Brave Veterans and Law Enforcement, Defend our always under siege Second Amendment, Stand Up to the Woke Mob, and Fight the Never-Ending Witch Hunts from the Radical Left that are destroying our Country! Matt Gaetz has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Matt Gaetz is a Great Representative for the Amazing People of Florida's 1st Congressional District! Matt is a Warrior for our MAGA Agenda, who tirelessly works to Drain the Swamp, Secure the Border, Support our Brave Veterans and Law Enforcement, Defend our always under siege Second Amendment, Stand Up to the Woke Mob, and Fight the Never-Ending Witch Hunts from the Radical Left that are destroying our Country! Matt Gaetz has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Mayor Trent Staggs for Senate, he will be great!
Meg Weinberger, who is known and loved by so many of my friends, is running to be a BIG VOICE in the Florida State House, in District 94. As your next Representative, “MAGA” Meg will fight tirelessly to Grow our Economy, Stop Inflation, Secure our Border, End Migrant Crime, Support our Great Military/Vets, Protect our always under siege Second Amendment, and Restore American Energy DOMINANCE. Meg Weinberger has my Complete and Total Endorsement - SHE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
Meg Weinberger, who is known and loved by so many of my friends, is running to be a BIG VOICE in the Florida State House, in District 94. As your next Representative, “MAGA” Meg will fight tirelessly to Grow our Economy, Stop Inflation, Secure our Border, End Migrant Crime, Support our Great Military/Vets, Protect our always under siege Second Amendment, and Restore American Energy DOMINANCE. Meg Weinberger has my Complete and Total Endorsement—SHE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
Michael Whatley: "This is the most unified Republican Party that we have had in decades!"
Mike Haridopolos will be a fantastic Representative for Florida’s 8th Congressional District!Mike has a strong record of success and incredible support from his Community. In Congress, he will Fight Inflation, Grow our Economy, Secure our Border, Support our Military/Vets, Champion American Energy Independence, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.Mike Haridopolos has my Complete and Total Endorsement. HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
Millions of people are allowed to come in. It's meaningless—Crooked Joe’s Border Executive Order is a joke...he didn't need anything from Congress. All he has to do is shut the border...I did it! We had the best border—the safest border in history! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
MINNESOTA—SUMMER OF 2020…
Morgan Griffith is doing an outstanding job representing the Great people of Virginia’s 9th Congressional District.  A conservative Warrior, Morgan is fighting to Secure our Border, Promote Energy Independence, Lower Inflation, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Morgan Griffith has my Complete and Total Endorsement—HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Mother Teresa could not beat these charges. These charges are rigged. The whole thing is rigged!
Moving along! #Latest Nate Silver's Forecast (9/8) Trump: 63.8% (new high) Harris: 36%——Swing States: chance of winning Pennsylvania -  Trump 64-36%Michigan -  Trump 54-46%Wisconsin -  Trump 53-47%Arizona -  Trump 77-23%North Carolina -  Trump 75-25%Georgia -  Trump 68-32%Nevada -  Trump 61-39%——@polymarket odds Trump: 52% Harris: 46%Polymarket  swing states odds https://polymarket.com/elections
MUST READ AND WATCH: Statement and Video Messages to Kamala Harris from Gold Star Families…https://www.donaldjtrump.com/news/2d8335e6-3b8f-498a-96df-cb3e42f22094
My Administration will be great for women and their reproductive rights.
My friend Governor “Big Jim” Justice is campaigning all over Western Pennsylvania with his beloved “Baby Dog”. He will soon be hitting Virginia, as well. What a guy! Thank you, Jim!
My interview with former Navy SEAL Shawn Ryan is OUT NOW! Enjoy! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G80iLTctFuY
My message to Americans—from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania tonight is simple: We do not have to live this way. We do not have to settle for weakness, incompetence, decline, and decay…
My new book SAVE AMERICA comes out on September 3rd. No other book like it! Preorder your copy today at https://45books.com/.
My son, Don, has absolutely NO FEAR - Not even of a vicious rattlesnake!
My statement on President Trump's strong debate victory:
Nancy Dahlstrom will be a tremendous Congresswoman for the Great People of Alaska, just as she was as your Lieutenant Governor. Nancy is a proven fighter! In Congress, she will work to Secure the Border, Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Promote American Energy Independence, Support our Incredible Military and Police Officers, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.Her opponent, Nick Begich, has Democrat tendencies but, most importantly, he refused to get out of this Race last time, which caused the Republicans to lose this important seat to Mary Peltola, someone who is very unpopular, allowed the Democrats to terminate ANWR (something which every Republican President since Ronald Reagan wanted, but only I got!), and is doing a terrible job for Alaska. Nancy Dahlstrom is a WINNER, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. SHE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
NATO wasn’t paying their Bills, almost every Country was delinquent. When I said, “If you don’t pay, we’re out, the United States is tired of being a sucker,” the money came rolling in by the BILLIONS, and I saved NATO!
Navy Gold Star Dad: "It was the biggest loss of life in the war... Till this day, we still haven't gotten any answers... I'm begging you. We would like a Congressional hearing."President Trump: "In the first week, we're going to set up a commission — we're going to find out."
Neil Cavuto, Fox’s Lowest Rated Anchor, is one of the WORST on Television. I actually prefer the losers at CNN and MSDNC!
New Job opportunities are available to help GET OUT THE VOTE FOR TRUMP! Visit https://www.turnoutfortrump.com/ to apply. We must SWAMP THE VOTE!
NEW LAWSUIT TO STOP ILLEGAL ALIEN VOTINGWe just sued Maricopa County, AZ for refusing to remove illegal aliens from their voter rolls ahead of the election.Maricopa officials are blatantly defying a state law mandate to purge ineligible voters from the rolls—so we SUED:https://aflegal.org/america-first-legal-sues-maricopa-county-in-arizona-for-refusing-to-take-action-to-stop-illegal-aliens-from-voting/
New York - 1 More Hour!Polls are open until 9:00 PM local.If you are in line by the cutoff they must let you vote.GO NOW and STAY IN LINE!Find your voting location at the link below! https://swampthevoteusa.com/
New York Times Bestselling Author, the Great Tammy Bruce, has written an incredible Book, “FEAR ITSELF: Exposing the Left’s Mind-Killing Agenda.” Tammy understood Left Wing Lunacy as a destructive force long before most others, and has been a very strong Voice, one of the best, in the fight to Save our Country. This is an important book, a MUST READ, as we confront the dangers of Communism and Fascism, with the fearless Spirit that will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. Congratulations to Tammy on having done yet another truly great job! Order today: https://www.amazon.com/Fear-Itself-Tammy-Bruce/dp/0063228521
NEW YORK! Now’s your time to shine. It’s the first day of in-person early voting! Let’s get out there and SWAMP THE VOTE! vote.donaldjtrump.com/ny
Nice meeting with Former Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, a very fine guy!
Nick Langworthy is an outstanding representative for New York’s 23rd Congressional District. An America First Patriot, Nick has been with us from thevery beginning. Nick is Tough on Crime, Supports our Great Military and Police, Fights for our Incredible Farmers, and is working to Secure our under siege Southern Border. Nick Langworthy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Nick Langworthy is an outstanding representative for New York’s 23rd Congressional District. An America First Patriot, Nick has been with us from thevery beginning. Nick is Tough on Crime, Supports our Great Military and Police, Fights for our Incredible Farmers, and is working to Secure our under siege Southern Border. Nick Langworthy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
NO TAX FOR SENIORS — ON SOCIAL SECURITY!
Nobody can believe I am still under a Gag Order from Judge Merchan and, despite being the leading Candidate for President of the United States, I am not allowed to speak about a trial that virtually every well known and respected legal scholar said, “THERE IS NO CRIME.” I DID NOTHING WRONG. WITCH HUNT. RELEASE THE GAG ORDER!!!
Nobody can ever trust Fox News, and I am one of them, with the weak and ineffective RINO, Paul Ryan, on its Board of Directors. He’s a total lightweight, a failed and pathetic Speaker of the House, and a very disloyal person. Romney was bad, but Paul Ryan made him look worse. As a team, they never had a chance. Rupert and Lachlan, get that dog off your Board - You don’t need him. ALL YOU NEED IS TRUMP. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
North Carolina man who lost his business in Hurricane Helene gives a powerful prayer alongside President Trump: "I believe that you can serve as a great inspiration to this community right now... I think God's given you an indomitable spirit..."
North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, South Carolina, Tennessee and, always, Louisiana, Texas, and other States: Due to the unusual activity of Storms, Hurricanes, and Tornadoes, and other Natural Disasters, especially in well-reported parts of our Country, when I win the Presidential Election of 2024, on November 5th, the Most Important Day in the History of our Country, we are going to allow you, retroactive to September 1st, 2024, to purchase a Generator for your Home, which will, in so doing, entitle you to fully deduct the TOTAL cost of said Generator for Income Tax Purposes. With what our Country is going through, and with the poor response you’re getting from the White House and the Federal Government, including Lyin’ Kamala Harris and Crooked Joe Biden, this is something you fully deserve. This Tax Deduction is available until August 31st, 2025.
NORTH CAROLINA! Today is the last day to request your absentee ballot! #SwampTheVote https://vote.donaldjtrump.com/nc/
North Korea just blew up the railway going to South Korea. Here we go, this is BAD NEWS! “Only Trump can solve it.”
NOVEMBER 5TH WILL BE THE MOST IMPORTANT DAY IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICA!
Now Available: Truth Social launches Truth+ streaming within apphttps://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/now-available-truth-social-launches-truth-streaming-app/
OBAMA AND BIDEN HATE EACH OTHER! OBAMA NEVER RESPECTED BIDEN, THOUGHT HE WAS DUMB, AND A TOTAL LIGHTWEIGHT. WILL BE AN INTERESTING COUPLE OF WEEKS. OBAMA WANTS HIM OUT, WANTS V.P. HARRIS IN!
Of course they are!!! Biden’s allowing them all to move to China and Mexico. MAGA! https://www.breitbart.com/economy/2024/07/03/michigan-stellantis-temporarily-laying-off-1600-auto-workers-amid-production-cuts/
OH YOU CAN BET YOUR LIFE OF THIS TRUTH!@realDonaldTrump
OHIO! Today is the deadline to request your absentee ballot. Let's make this #TooBigToRig! https://vote.donaldjtrump.com/oh/
ON MONDAY NIGHT I’LL BE DOING A MAJOR INTERVIEW WITH ELON MUSK — Details to follow!
On my way to Erie, Pennsylvania! Join me LIVE at 2:00PM EDT—Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @realAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v5gpnn8-live-president-trump-in-erie-pa.html
On my way to the Great State of Michigan! Join me live at 3:00PM EDT. Will be on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @realamericasvoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v5h8kn9-live-president-trump-in-saginaw-mi.html
One of many lies Biden told last night…
One of the GREAT Statements of the Year, from the Wonderful and Brilliant Tammy Bruce!
Only three things could have been the reason that Crooked Joe Biden, the worst President in the history of the United States, failed so badly at the debate on Thursday night. THEY WERE: 1) “TRUMP WAS REALLY GREAT!” In all fairness, and I say in complete and total modesty, many, on both sides of the political spectrum, have said it was the greatest single debate performance in the long and storied history of Presidential Debates. Thank you! 2) CROOKED JOE “CHOKED” LIKE A DOG. 3) JOE IS A COGNITIVE MESS! It could be combinations of all three, but ask yourself this question, as a proud citizen of the United States of America (which no longer means a thing, to many, as millions of people flow into our Country, totally unchecked and unvetted!), would you rather have a President who is a CHOKER, or a President who is a COGNITIVE MESS??? Also, did my Debate Performance play a role in Joe’s total “disembowelment” before the World? Our Fake Historians over at CNN & MSDNC would like to know???
Our Country right now is in the most dangerous position its ever been in from an ECONOMIC standpoint and a SAFETY standpoint…
PA Energy worker tells President Trump "My family depends on my salary and my wife's salary. Those salaries are dependent on pro-American, pro-energy policy -- We could double the amount of [natural gas production] if we are given the opportunity."
Pam Bondi: "He committed no crime...There is nothing there."
PART 1 of 2 WITH SEAN HANNITY…
Passing over the Charlotte Motor Speedway now - Very exciting! DJT
PENNSYLVANIA! Early Voting ends TODAY. Make sure to get out and make your voice heard—Let's make it #TooBigToRig! https://vote.donaldjtrump.com/pennsylvania-get-out-the-vote/
People are saying that Comrade Kamala Harris had the questions from Fake News ABC. I would say it is very likely. The two so-called “Anchors” were a disgrace to Modern Day Journalism. David Muir should be ashamed of himself, as should Linsey Davis, who I never heard of, but both were nasty and rude when they were making statements that they knew were false. As an example, the FBI said they didn’t give all the information when coming up with Crime stats, making me RIGHT. Despite having to debate three people, Polls firmly state that I won, and EASILY. I felt that also, but no Politician should ever do a Debate with ABC News. They have proven NOT WORTHY, and hopefully an investigation will be done as to whether or not they gave the Debate questions to Comrade Kamala, whose best friend is a top ABC Executive. If she did give the questions to Kamala, ABC’s license should be TERMINATED. Remember, Donna Brazile works for ABC, and she gave the questions to Hillary Clinton! https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/elections/mark-penn-calls-abc-news-launch-internal-probe-moderators-fact-checking
Peter Navarro has a new book coming out next week, “The New MAGA Deal” — Just as he will be released from prison over refusing to testify for the Jan 6 Hoax Committee, who deleted and destroyed all of their records, A CRIME, but nothing happened to them. Get your copy today! https://45books.com/products/the-new-maga-deal-pre-order
Philadelphia Rally will be on Fox LIVE at 7 P.M. EST! https://rumble.com/v52vobu-president-trump-in-philadelphia-pa.html
Pocahontas is now speaking at the DNC. She used her fake Indian heritage to scam the system. Her mother told her she had “high cheekbones,” and therefore she was Indian, who would use this hoax on applications everywhere. It worked until she got caught. 10024th Indian, remember?
POST-DEBATE POLL: Leger | NY Post Pre-debate (n=878 LV, June 22-24) Biden: 43%  Trump: 41% Other: 11% Undecided: 4%——POST-DEBATE (n=874 LV, June 27-28) Trump: 45%  Biden: 38% Other: 8% Undecided: 8%——Who do you think won the debate?  Trump: 49% Biden: 17% Neither: 28%(n=755 respondents who watched the debate)——Leger rank by 538: #79 (2.0/3.0)
President @realDonaldTrump and the crowd have a laugh at Biden's latest classic misstep of mistaking Florida for Iowa.
President @realDonaldTrump calls out Kamala Harris for putting illegal immigrants first and Americans last.
President @RealDonaldTrump laid out a few of his INFLATION DEFLATING Policies: 1. NO TAX ON TIPS.2. NO TAX ON OVERTIME.3. NO TAX ON SOCIAL SECURITY.
President @realDonaldTrump takes the stage at #Bitcoin2024 conference in Nashville and immediately offers heartfelt sympathy for the attack that just happened in Israel.
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP TO VISIT SOUTH BRONX, NYWhile Joe Biden Hides Away, @realDonaldTrump is Out Talking to the American People! ﻿﻿Join us TONIGHT to watch President Trump’s campaign event at Crotona Park in the South Bronx! https://rumble.com/v4wy6z5-president-trump-in-south-bronx-ny-live-coverage.html
President Trump acknowledges brave Americans David Dutch and James Copenhaver, who were badly wounded on July 13th.
President Trump calls up Michaelah Montgomery to share the story of President Trump saving her college
President Trump gave a powerhouse performance at the debate.  Totally dominant. Brilliant, masterful, steady, thoughtful. Bravo, Mr President!TRUMP 2024
President Trump in Asheville, NC: "All of America shares your sorrow and grief over the past fews weeks. This region has seen extraordinary hardship. But in the midst of such terrible tragedy, we have also seen the extraordinary love that binds us as Americans."
President Trump recounts the assassination attempt against him just two days ago — and the miracle of a woman who just so happened to catch the psycho's license plate and call it in
President Trump reminds voters of the devastation brought on by the Biden-Harris Administration and warns of what will come if Harris gets elected. - President @RealDonaldTrump
President Trump Takes the Stage in Chesapeake, VAPresident @realDonaldTrump takes the stage for his first speech following the debate against Biden. #AmericaFirst #MAGA
PRESIDENT TRUMP TO ATTEND NATIONAL FAITH SUMMIT- WORSHIP WITH WONDERS CHURCHWe invite you to join our live team coverage of President @realDonaldTrump's remarks at the National Faith Summit - Worship with Wonders Church, in Powder Springs, GA.JOIN LIVE: https://rumble.com/v5khfq5-president-trump-to-attend-national-faith-summit-worship-with-wonders-church.html
PRESIDENT TRUMP to REPORTER: I'm not thinking about voters right now. I'm thinking about lives. A lot of lives lost. A lot of people missing and that's what I'd be focused on right now.
President Trump vows to back universal school choice, support home school families, and shut down the U.S. Department of Education during D.C. speechWATCH LIVE:  https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/donald-trump/live-president-trump-keynotes-the-faith-and-freedom-coalitions-road-to-majority-6-22-24/
President Trump will be LIVE in Las Vegas in 3 hours! Tune in NOW on RSBN! https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/live-president-donald-j-trump-holds-a-rally-in-las-vegas-nv-6-9-24/
President Trump will speak at a community roundtable in Detroit. Tune in TODAY at 1:45 pm ET! https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/donald-trump/live-president-trump-speaks-at-community-roundtable-in-detroit-6-15-24/
President Trump: "21 Million people came into our country. NO country can take that."
President Trump: "America is known all throughout the world as 'OCCUPIED AMERICA.'"We are a nation that allows armed Venezuelan prison gangs to terrorize American citizens in the sanctity of their own homes.But November 5, 2024 will be known as LIBERATION DAY!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "As you know firsthand, Kamala’s hurricane response was a disgrace and a betrayal of her duty... Where the hell is Biden? Tell me, is this the worst administration in history??... Who is running the United States of America?"
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "Early mail-in voting is underway now in Michigan—so go out and get that ballot, return it as soon as possible—and if not, get a ballot, vote... get as many other Trump supporters as you can and they'll do the same!33 days from now, we are going to WIN the state of Michigan, we are going to defeat Lyin’ Kamala Harris... and we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "Four years of Kamala have delivered nothing but economic HELL for American workers."#BringBackTrump
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "I want to thank Elon Musk for his quick action with Starlink. He supplied a lot of equipment to the governor... Larry Ellison made a very big contribution... We appreciate it very much."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "If she can't handle an interview, then she can't handle certainly President Xi of China... She will get overwhelmed, melt down, and millions of people will die. This is not a charity event— this is an election for the biggest and toughest job in human history."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "It's been a terrible response from the White House. They're missing a billion dollars that was used for another purpose -- From that standpoint, it's been terrible."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "Kamala BROKE IT. We will FIX IT... The election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of incompetence and failure... or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "Kamala Harris is leading a hate campaign now -- They started off where I was a dictator and none of it worked, then they went to he's an evil genius and that didn't work, then they went to he's a dumb son of a bitch and that didn't last long, then they went back to dictator. They don't know what they're doing."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "Kamala is promising communist price controls, free taxpayer funded healthcare for all illegal aliens, mass amnesty, and citizenship... She wants to give citizenship to people who have come in illegally."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "My message today is very simple: If you want Israel to survive, you need Donald J. Trump as the 47th President of the United States."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "Our opponents worship the Deep State—we want to obliterate the Deep State.""Our opponents join with warmongers and neo-cons to wage endless wars overseas—we believe that America is STRONGEST when America is at PEACE.""Our opponents slander us as a threat to Democracy—meanwhile, they rig their primaries, force out Joe Biden, who got 14 million votes, in an unconstitutional coup, and appoint a nominee who never got a single vote."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "Over the past 8 years, those who want to stop us from achieving this future have slandered me, impeached me, indicted me, tried to throw me off the ballot, and even tried to kill me but I have NEVER stopped fighting for you."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "Starting on Day One of my new administration, we will end inflation and we will MAKE AMERICA AFFORDABLE AGAIN."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "The corrupt media is outraged that I keep talking about the migrant crime epidemic... I’m outraged that over 13,000... convicted illegal alien murderers are on the loose."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "Tonight, I return to Butler in the aftermath of tragedy and heartache to deliver a simple message to the people of Pennsylvania and the people of America: our movement to Make America Great Again stands stronger, prouder, more united, more determined, and nearer to victory than ever before. We are going to Make America Great Again."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "Vote Trump and your incomes, your savings will grow, young people will be able to afford a home, and we will bring back the American dream."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "We are also joined today by Christy Shamblin, the mother-in-law of fallen Marine Corps Sgt. Nicole Gee... Kamala never reached out to the families of the warriors" killed during her withdrawal from Afghanistan."Instead of planning family gatherings and holiday meals and Christmases and baby showers, our family and thousands of other families plan outings at funeral grave sights."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: "We can be a nation that dreams BIG again. We can be a nation that BUILDS things again. We can reclaim our pride, our dignity, and our glorious American Destiny. But ONLY if we make a clean break from the failures of the past four years."
PRESIDENT TRUMP: “We have the dumbest people in history running our country - Our country is being poisoned... veterans sleeping on streets and illegals in luxury hotels.”
PRESIDENT TRUMP: As Kamala Harris gives her convention speech tonight, she will not mention the victims. She will not say their names or express remorse to their families. Kamala says she wants to talk about the FUTURE—but she has stolen the future of Laken Riley, Rachel Morin, and precious Jocelyn.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Crime in America is OUT OF CONTROL. I am going to make it, along with the economy, inflation, strong borders, and energy dominance, my TOP PRIORITY. The Democrats are holding their convention in Chicago in order to showcase it—and yet 117 people were shot, 17 killed, on the Fourth of July Weekend, and 40 were shot this weekend. That is a WAR ZONE, and will be handled accordingly. Mothers will no longer be losing their children because weak, liberal politicians have given up on securing a crime-free USA. I WILL STOP VIOLENT CRIME IN AMERICA!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Detroit has such great potential, but Kamala and the Democrats have been wreaking havoc on this place... We are going to bring it back!... We are going to Make DETROIT Great Again.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Does anyone here feel richer under Kamala Harris and Crooked Joe? Is anything less expensive under Kamala Harris and Crooked Joe? Are you better off now with Kamala and Biden than you were under President Trump? I DON'T THINK SO!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I will not cut one cent from Social Security or Medicare. I kept that promise for 4 years, and I will keep it again. And seniors should not pay taxes on Social Security!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: It takes centuries to build the unique character of each state. But reckless migration policy can change it quickly and permanently. Just like we’ve seen in London, and Paris, and Minneapolis. If Kamala Harris wins this election, she will flood Pennsylvania cities and towns with illegal migrants from all over the world—and Pennsylvania will not be Pennsylvania any longer.When I’m president, all migrant flights to Pennsylvania will STOP the moment I take the oath of office. Those who do not belong, will be sent back home. We will end the invasion of small-town Pennsylvania—and we will END the destruction of America.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Kamala has ILLEGALLY flown in more than HALF A MILLION migrants, while working with left-wing nonprofits to inundate Pennsylvania communities, changing the character of small towns and villages, and changing them FOREVER.YOU HAVE TO GET THEM THE HELL OUT.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Kamala has spent the final week of her failing campaign comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history... Joe Biden called our supporters “GARBAGE.” ...You can’t LEAD America if you don’t LOVE Americans.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Let’s review Kamala's extremist, pro-crime, anti-police record.Kamala Harris repeatedly endorsed De-funding the Police. She sponsored a bill to strip police officers of legal protection, leaving you at the mercy of lawless Marxist prosecutors who want to lock up police officers for sport. She wants to bankrupt you and ruin your lives for doing your jobs.When I am president of the United States, we will NEVER de-fund the police.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: My vision is for a middle class that is one again the envy of the entire world. Workers like you should be able to afford a nice house, a new car and a growing family on a SINGLE INCOME.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Very simply, Kamala Harris is the worst Vice President in history... Her message to Americans is all division and hate. My message is about saving our economy, securing our border, and bringing together the greatest and broadest coalition in American history.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We are 2 days away from the best jobs, the biggest paychecks, and the brightest economic future the world has ever seen...If my opponent knew how to fix the economy, she would've done it.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: We ended catch and release. We had Remain in Mexico, Title 42, Safe Third Agreements, and 500 miles of Border Wall. The final gaps of wall were about to be sealed—then Kamala came in, dismantled every single Trump Border policy, and halted wall construction.You can see on the ground behind me the sections of wall that taxpayers paid for but Kamala Harris refused to put up—because she wants the border wide open. What Biden and #ComradeKamala have done to the families here with me today is beyond shameful. It is evil.
President Trump: We Had a BIG VICTORY Last Night“We had a big victory against a man that really is looking to destroy our country. [Biden’s] the most corrupt, the most incompetent president in the history of our country.” - President @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst #MAGA
PRESIDENT TRUMP: What we have built is the biggest, broadest, most incredible coalition, and the greatest political movement in American history. We've brought together veterans and union members, soldiers and steelworkers, farmers and autoworkers, and patriotic moms and dads...
PRESIDENT TRUMP: With your vote, we will destroy inflation, bring prices down, achieve incredible economic growth, Make America Wealthy Again, and we will bring back the American Dream! Vote for Trump—November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yesterday, Kamala laid out her so-called economic plan—she says she’s going to lower the cost of food and housing starting on “Day One”. But Day One for Kamala was three and a half years ago. WHY DIDN’T SHE DO IT? This is day 1,305. WHY ISN’T SHE DOING IT NOW?
President Trump’s Bloomberg interview at the Economic Club of Chicago was the greatest live interview any political leader or politician has done on the economy in our lifetimes. Period.
President Zelenskyy of Ukraine and I had a very good phone call earlier today. He congratulated me on a very successful Republican National Convention and becoming the Republican nominee for President of the United States. He condemned the heinous assassination attempt last Saturday and remarked about the American people coming together in the spirit of Unity during these times. I appreciate President Zelenskyy for reaching out because I, as your next President of the United States, will bring peace to the world and end the war that has cost so many lives and devastated countless innocent families. Both sides will be able to come together and negotiate a deal that ends the violence and paves a path forward to prosperity.
Probably the best Trump ad is a Harris rally.
PROMISES MADE!PROMISES KEPT!TRUTH!
Q: Mr. President, I'm a single father and an Iraq war veteran. I dream of owning a home for me and my son, but mortgage rates under the Biden-Harris admin has made that impossible. What can you do to help make home ownership affordable again?President Trump: We're going to get rid of a lot of regulations and we're going to bring interest rates way down. We're going to create the American Dream.
Radical Left Fool! As a Senator, Harris was ranked the #1 most far-left Democrat in the entire Senate. She makes Bernie look like a moderate. She supports... Free government healthcare for illegal aliens Abolishing ICE Decriminalizing illegal immigration Mass amnesty for illegals Banning fracking Outlawing private health insurance Defunding the police Forcibly ripping guns out of the hands of law-abiding citizens...and as Vice President, she even cast the tie-breaking vote to cut Medicare by $237 billion dollars.
Radical Left RFK Jr. wants to debate, but his numbers are way short of the minimum needed—He’s got a long way to go. Maybe someday he’ll hit the big stage!
Record performance for a Republican, ME, with Hispanics!
Reminder: Kamala Harris is ranked the MOST LIBERAL left wing Senator by non-partisan GovTrack. She’s to the left of Bernie and Elizabeth Warren.She is the Squadron Commander for the Squad!
Rep. Byron Donalds: “What I saw was something amazing…The crowd spoke for itself—They want him back…It was an amazing event, probably the BEST political rally I’d ever been to!”
Rep. Cory Mills is in North Carolina trying to rescue Americans. He claims FEMA is largely MIA because it has diverted resources for immigration resettlement:"So that's really where the missing piece is, the Federal piece. Let's go ahead and point out the obvious. FEMA had utilized a large majority of the personnel who should be here taking care of this to be replaced or repurposed for immigration resettlement when we need to be focused on Americans."There's over 170 dead Americans and over 1,000 still missing. This is totally unacceptable and tragic.
Rep. Jim Jordan: “The best line of the day came from President Trump when he said the real verdict will be on November 5th…” https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
Reporters ask no questions to Kamala about her poor performance on Hurricane! I’m in North Carolina right now, and the people are angry at Kamala for doing nothing!!!
Retired pilot bonds with President Trump over John Wayne film True Grit:"I have seen what's happened in the intervening four years with everything that was done to you, leading up to the calamity in Butler, PA. Now I hope you don't mind me saying this, but you have TRUE GRIT."
Rev. Franklin Graham in North Carolina:"They've tried to put him in prison, they've tried to assassinate him twice, he's attacked every day in the media, and the only hope for Donald J. Trump and our nation is GOD…”
Rigged? https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/elections/kamala-harriss-friendship-disney-exec-comes-under-scrutiny-ahead-abc
Right to Try was one of the most important accomplishments of the Trump administration.Terminally ill patients now have access to experimental treatments even if they have not received FDA approval."We have saved thousands and thousands of people."
RIP Corey Comperatore
Rob Wittman is an incredible representative for the great people of Virginia’s 1st Congressional District. Rob is fighting to protect our Amazing Veterans, Rebuild our Military, Grow our Economy, Lower Inflation, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Rob Wittman has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
RUSSIA NEVER INVADED UKRAINE UNDER TRUMP! IRAN NEVER INVADED ISRAEL UNDER TRUMP! NOBODY INVADED ANYBODY UNDER TRUMP! CHINA NEVER EVEN THOUGHT OF INVADING TAIWAN UNDER TRUMP! BIGGEST EVER EMBARRASSMENT IN AFGHANISTAN WOULD HAVE NEVER HAPPENED UNDER TRUMP! THERE WAS NO INFLATION UNDER TRUMP! WHAT A DIFFERENT WORLD IT WOULD BE UNDER TRUMP!!!
Sam Brown is a FEARLESS AMERICAN PATRIOT, a Purple Heart Recipient, who has proven he has the “PURE GRIT” and COURAGE to take on our Enemies, both Foreign and Domestic. Sam is now running for U.S. Senate in the Great State of Nevada, primarily because he knows that Crooked Joe Biden and the Radical Left are A THREAT TO DEMOCRACY. Our Country can no longer stand with this Corrupt and Incompetent “President” calling the shots. As your next Senator, Sam will fight tirelessly to secure our Border, end Migrant Crime, stop Inflation, grow our Economy, STRONGLY SUPPORT OUR GREAT MILITARY/VETS, protect our always under siege Second Amendment, and restore PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH…
Sam Brown, who is running for the U.S. Senate against Jacky Rosen, a terrible Senator from the Beautiful State of Nevada, has already given up more for our Country than any Senator who has ever run for that Office. He loves his Country. He will be GREAT, and never let you down!
SATURDAY: President Trump and JD Vance will hold a rally in Atlanta. Watch RSBN's all-day LIVE coverage. https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/live-president-trump-and-jd-vance-hold-a-rally-in-atlanta-8-3-24/
Scr*w you FOX! We don’t need you! We will WIN BIGGER THAN EVER!!!Trump Rally = 50k people! Kamala = Can’t fill a Middle School Gymnasium! That’s ALL you got to know! #Trump2024 #MAGA
Sean O’Brien, the General President of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, has accepted my invitation to speak at the RNC Convention in Milwaukee. Our GREAT convention will unify Americans and demonstrate to the nation’s working families they come first. When I am back in the White House, the hardworking Teamsters, and all working Americans, will once again have a country they can afford to live in and be respected around the world. Sean, I look forward to seeing you represent the Teamsters in Milwaukee. Together we can Make America Great Again.
Second time he has said, “I’ve been friends with school shooters.” What does he mean by this? Is he insane?
See you soon—Join me live at 12:00pmPDT/3:00pmEST: https://rumble.com/v50kfpb-president-trump-in-las-vegas-nv.html Join me today in Las Vegas, Nevada at 12:00pmPDT/3:00pmEST. Will be on @NewsMax, @RSBN, @OAN, @RealAmericasVoice, and Donald J Trump @Rumble, among others. Big crowd—See you soon! MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v50kfpb-president-trump-in-las-vegas-nv.html
SEE YOU SOON! MAGA2024!!! On my way to Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. See you soon—Together, WE are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
SEE YOU TONIGHT ON GUTFELD AT 10:00PM EASTERN—MAGA2024!!!
Senator Josh Hawley is a tremendous Senator for the Great State of Missouri. In 2018 I helped Josh Hawley win a highly competitive Senate race in Missouri, a state that I know and love. An America First Conservative and a True Fighter for our movement to Make America Great Again, Josh is working hard to Secure our Elections, Stop Illegal Immigration, Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes, Strengthen our Military, Support our Veterans, and Uphold the Rule of Law. Josh Hawley has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
SENATOR MARCO RUBIO: “THE REAL VERDICT IS GOING TO BE IN NOVEMBER WHEN WE WIN THAT ELECTION…” https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
Senator Marsha Blackburn is doing a terrific job representing the incredible people of Tennessee in the United States Senate!Marsha has been with me from the very beginning, helping advance our America First Agenda. In the Senate, she is working hard to Secure the Border, Grow the Economy, Cut your Taxes, Eliminate Needless Regulations, Support our Veterans, and Fight for our Constitutional Rights, including our always under siege Second Amendment. Marsha Blackburn has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Senator Pete Ricketts is a Strong Advocate for the Great People of Nebraska, a State I love and won by large margins in 2016 and 2020! Pete is doing an outstanding job in the U.S. Senate, where he is fighting tirelessly to stop the disastrous Policies of Lyin’ Kamala Harris and Crooked Joe Biden. Pete is a True Patriot, who is working hard to Create Jobs, Lower Inflation, Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Uphold the Rule of Law, Secure our Border, Support our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Pete Ricketts has my Complete and Total Endorsement — HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
Senator Tim Scott: “Biden is scrambling…”
Senior White House Official Finally Admits What We All Know About Biden's Election Chances https://townhall.com/tipsheet/mattvespa/2024/07/07/knives-out-senior-white-house-aide-says-the-quiet-part-out-loud-about-bidens-election-chances-n2641477
She said, “Chart a new way forward,” but she’s had three and a half years, and has done nothing but HARM!
She will obliterate Social Security and Medicare by giving it away to the Millions of Illegal Immigrants who are infiltrating our Country!
She’s projecting an Opportunity Economy, but I created Opportunity Zones, the Most Successful Economic Development Policy in years!
She’s talking about how great San Francisco was before she destroyed it, probably not a good idea!
She’s talking about the Middle Class, but she’s the one who broke the Middle Class, and made it UNSAFE AND UNAFFORDABLE!
Sheri Biggs is an America First Patriot who will be an incredible Congresswoman for South Carolina’s Third Congressional District! A Lieutenant Colonel in the Air National Guard, Sheri has served our Country with Distinction, and will bring that same fighting spirit to Congress. Sheri will work tirelessly to Secure the Border, Stop Migrant Crime, Support our Great Military/Vets, Grow our Economy, End Inflation, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment. South Carolina’s Great Governor, Henry McMaster, is a big fan of Sheri, and so am I. Sheri Biggs has my Complete and Total Endorsement — SHE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
Sheriff Mark Lamb of Arizona, “KAMALA HARRIS HAS DONE A TERRIBLE JOB ON THE BORDER.”
SHERIFFS FOR TRUMP!
SHOCKING BREAKING NEWS: As exposed by the Great John Solomon, a REAL Journalist who cares about the TRUTH, and the GREAT work of Congressman Barry Loudermilk and Republicans on the House Oversight Committee, the Deep State chose to disregard my direct authorization of at least 10,000 National Guard Troops to ensure that Washington, D.C., was safe and secure on January 6, 2021. These Deep State subversives disobeyed the President’s directives, which would have prevented any unrest that day - January 6th, as it is known, would never have taken place….
Sign up and join TRUMP FORCE 47 today at https://TrumpForce47.com/.
Sign up and join TRUMP FORCE 47 today at https://TrumpForce47.com/.
Sloppy J.B. Pritzker, the Rotund Governor from the once great State of Illinois, who makes Chris Christie look like a male model, and whose family wanted him out of the business because he was so pathetic at helping them run it, has presided over the destruction and disintegration of Illinois at levels never seen before in any State. Crime is rampant and people are, sadly, fleeing Illinois. Unless a change is made at the Governor’s level, Illinois can never be Great Again!
So disgraceful to see the burning of the American Flag and the desecration of Police Cars at the Democrat’s “Party” taking place in Chicago. Five people have been killed since the start of their “Convention.” CONGRESS SHOULD IMMEDIATELY GET TO WORK! ANYONE BURNING THE AMERICAN FLAG GETS ONE YEAR IN JAIL. JUST DO IT!!!  DJT
So, we are forced to spend time and money on fighting Crooked Joe Biden, he polls badly after having a terrible debate, and quits the race. Now we have to start all over again. Shouldn’t the Republican Party be reimbursed for fraud in that everybody around Joe, including his doctors and the Fake News Media, knew he was not capable of running for, or being, President?  Just askin’?
Somebody please explain to Rep. James Clyburn, not the brightest bulb in the House, that I am beating the Biden/Harris Prosecutors, like Deranged Jack Smith, whose case against me in Florida, “the biggest of them all” according  to the Radical Left Lunatics, was just “thrown out” as being Unconstitutional. Now it is my time to sue them for illegally breaking into, and raiding, Mar-a-Lago. All of these Biden/Harris cases against me are a Weaponization of Justice against their Political Opponent, Me — Strictly Third World Country. MAGA2024!
Starting on Day One of my new administration, I will END Kamala’s war on Pennsylvania Energy…We will FRACK, FRACK, FRACK!We will DRILL, BABY, DRILL!!
State Representative Juan Porras is an incredible Champion for the Great People of Florida’s 119th House District! An America First Patriot who has been with us from the very beginning, Juan is fighting hard to Secure our Border, End Migrant Crime, Support our Brave Military/Vets, Stand with Law Enforcement, Safeguard our Elections, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment. Juan Porras has my Complete and Total Endorsement - HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
State Representative Kevin Steele is a Tireless Advocate for the incredible people of Florida’s 55th House District! An America First Patriot who has been with us from the very beginning, Kevin is working hard to Restore the American Dream, Stop Inflation, Secure our Border, Safeguard our Elections, Support our Great Military/Vets, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment. Kevin Steele has my Complete and Total Endorsement – HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
State Representative Paula Stark is doing a terrific job representing the Great People of Florida’s 47th House District! An America First Patriot who has been with us from the very beginning, Paula is fighting hard to Secure our Border, Stop Migrant Crime, Create Great Jobs, End Inflation, Support our Military/Vets, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment. Paula Stark has my Complete and Total Endorsement - SHE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
State Representative Rick Roth is doing a fantastic job in the Florida State House, and is now running to represent the Great People of Florida’s 26th Senate District! Rick has been with us from the very beginning, and is 100% MAGA! As your next State Senator, Rick will work tirelessly to Secure our Border, Stop Migrant Crime, Create GREAT Jobs, End Inflation, Support our Incredible Military/Vets, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment. Rick Roth has my Complete and Total Endorsement for State Senate in 2026 - HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
State Representative Webster Barnaby is doing a fantastic job representing the incredible people of Florida’s 29th House District! An America First Patriot who has been with us from the very beginning, Webster is working hard to Bring Back the American Dream, Grow the Economy, Secure the Border, Support our Military/Vets, Stand with our Great Law Enforcement, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Webster Barnaby has my Complete and Total Endorsement – HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
State Senator Ana Maria Rodriguez has been with us from the very beginning, and is a Tremendous Champion for the incredible people of Florida’s 40th Senate District! Ana Maria is fighting hard to Bring Back the American Dream, Grow the Economy, Secure the Border, Support our Incredible Military/Vets, Stand with our Great Law Enforcement, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Ana Maria Rodriguez has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election in 2026 - SHE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
Stephen Miller: “Congrats on the greatest debate win in the history of presidential debates.”
Steve Nikoui, Father of Lance Corporal Kareem M. Nikoui…
Steven Calabresi: “President Donald Trump's First Amendment freedom of speech rights render his recent convictions in a Manhattan New York State trial court unconstitutional.” Mike Davis: “It’s an election-year assault on the Democrat Party’s number-one enemy.” Former Acting U.S. Attorney General Matthew Whitaker: “We must stand against the Weaponization of Justice in Courts around this Country. This can never happen again.”
Steven Calabresi: “President Donald Trump's Manhattan Convictions are Unconstitutional. The Roman Republic fell when politicians began criminalizing politics. I am gravely worried that we are seeing that pattern repeat itself in the present day United States.”
Strange things happen in big time politics, and believe me, this is big time politics! During my debate on Thursday night with Crooked Joe Biden, the worst President in the history of our Country, and the person that is illegally, and strictly for political gain, trying to put me in jail, I watched a man, first hand, “CHOKE” under tremendous pressure, the likes of which he has never seen before. The strain of the illegality being used by his “Injustice”Department, the FBI, local Attorney Generals, and D.A.’s, have put an additional strain on him. FAKE NEWS CNN just announced that, at 51,300,000 viewers, it was the highest rated show in the history of CNN - and that doesn’t include other places it was shown. This was a “MONSTER” show, and it could be plainly and openly felt onstage. His speech on Friday was better, and he seems to be coming out of his trance, but AMERICA must ask itself, with all of the many dangers around, do we really want a President who CHOKES? I don’t think so!
STRENGTH VS WEAKNESS 2024
SUCCESS WILL BRING OUR COUNTRY TOGETHER! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
Tammy Bruce: “With everything we’ve seen with how the American People have responded to this unfairness, we don’t like unfairness. The Country is built on a blind Justice System…It is not a game.”
Taylor Budowich: "At the end of it all, President Trump delivered his most disciplined, clever and devastatingly precise debate performance yet. There’s no Democrat waiting in the wings who could have stood in Mr. Biden’s place on that stage Thursday and measured up to Mr. Trump. So, regardless of the Democrats’ choice in a lose-lose proposition, it’s Mr. Trump’s message of prosperity and American greatness that will ultimately be decisive in November." https://www.wsj.com/articles/sorry-democrats-biden-is-your-man-presidential-debate-2146aaa4
𝗧𝗲𝘅𝘁 𝗧𝗥𝗨𝗠𝗣 𝘁𝗼 𝟴𝟴𝟬𝟮𝟮https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
Thank you Comrade Kamala Harris for allowing our Country to benefit from these wonderful people you have allowed to cross the Border, make Citizens, and allow them to hop into our Social Security and Medicare programs.
Thank you Elon. I certainly will be trying!!!
Thank you for your support against a total degenerate named John Kelly, who made up a story out of pure Trump Derangement Syndrome Hatred! This guy had two qualities, which don’t work well together. He was tough and dumb. The problem is his toughness morphed into weakness, because he became JELLO with time! The story about the Soldiers was A LIE, as are numerous other stories he told. Even though I shouldn’t be wasting my time with him, I always feel it’s necessary to hit back in pursuit of THE TRUTH. John Kelly is a LOWLIFE, and a bad General, whose advice in the White House I no longer sought, and told him to MOVE ON! His wife once told me, at Camp David, John admires you tremendously, and when he leaves the Military, he will only speak well of you. I said, Thank you!
THANK YOU GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN—MAGA2024!!!
THANK YOU HARRISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA—MAGA2024!
Thank you James!!!
Thank you Kevin! Kevin O’Leary: “If I polled 10,000 Independent Voters right now, let’s say I could just wave a magic wand and do that on a panel, I bet you after all of these six weeks, whatever it’s been, even if you watch the synopsis every night on the News somewhere, whatever outlet you watch, you are still 99% totally confused on what the hell is going on…IT’S BAD FOR THE AMERICAN BRAND!”
THANK YOU LANCASTER, PENNSYLVANIA—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v5jg3ot-live-president-trump-in-lancaster-pa.html
Thank you Lauren! Lauren Olaya: “Pretty surreal day in PA yesterday witnessing President Trump welcoming Puerto Rican musicians Anuel AA and Justin Quiles and their endorsement at his Johnstown rally. Also I want to say this about comments to my stories anytime I post about President Trump - I’d never send someone a negative and rude message if they supported the other side. Just not necessary. We live in a free country - thank God! Believe and support who and what you want…” “…I will say I’ve been lucky enough with the unique honor to spend time with President Trump and his family. From the first time I met President Trump and his remarkable wife Melania, I realized how much we have been lied to about him. He is nothing like how the media portrayed he would be. Respectful, kind, caring, hilarious, a CRAZY good golfer (he beat me by a long shot!), and the most resilient human I’ve ever met. Also he has raised incredible children which says a lot about him as a father. He has been attacked more than any president in our history and he’s still standing! That’s the type of man we need leading our country, growing our economy, and keeping us safe. As Justin Quiles said yesterday, he’s no one’s puppet! Millions around the world don’t have the privilege to vote so please register to vote no matter who you choose. It’s an honor and our duty  For me, #trump2024”
Thank you Monica! DESTINY: Born on Flag Day Happy birthday to President Trump: the greatest President of our lifetimes and one of the greatest ever!
Thank you Mr. Scout! “The Washington Post’s Path to Oblivion” https://www.wsj.com/articles/washington-post-trump-politics-9972e440
THANK YOU NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE—MAGA2024!
Thank you Ocala, Florida. We will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to Boris Johnson! "This was a machine-gun mob-style hit job on Trump. It was nakedly political - and will make his victory more likely, not less.” “It was nakedly political. It was completely artificial. The Democrat prosecutors thought they were being so clever: tripping Trump up over this technicality – like collaring Al Capone for tax evasion, they probably told themselves. Except that everyone with any common sense can see what I consider their real motives, how they were combing the rule book for stuff to use against Trump.” “The vast mass of American voters could see what I believe was really happening: that the liberal elites were just appalled at Trump's continuing popularity and his ability to connect with voters – and they were using anything they could find to derail his campaign. That is why the anti-Trump lawfare is backfiring.”
Thank you to the Great Charlie Hurt! https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2024/jun/10/real-reason-trump-is-running-again/
THANK YOU to the great people of the Bronx for coming out and showing your support… MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the U.S. Secret Service, Butler Township Police, Butler Sheriff's Deputies, Pennsylvania State Police, the medical teams at Butler Memorial Hospital and Allegheny General Hospital, and all other first responders.When crisis struck, they did Pennsylvania proud.
THANK YOU WILKES-BARRE, PENNSYLVANIA—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v5b67sk-live-president-trump-in-wilkes-barre-pa.html
THANK YOU WISCONSIN, I LOVE YOU ALL. IF WE WIN THERE, WE WIN THE ELECTION AND, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU—FLINT, MICHIGAN! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
THANK YOU, ARIZONA! Early voting by mail and in-person opened in Arizona earlier this week—so if you have a ballot, return it immediately, and if not, GO VOTE the minute the polls open tomorrow, and get everyone you know to cast their ballots for Trump and Republicans at every level! With your help, 23 days from now, we are going to WIN Arizona, we are going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to usher in a new Golden Age of American Success for citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed! https://swampthevoteusa.com/
Thank you, Leo!
THANK YOU, MONTANA—MAGA2024!
THANK YOU, NATIONAL FRATERNAL ORDER OF POLICE! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
Thank you, New Hampshire!
THANK YOU, TOM HOMAN—MAGA2024!
Thank you!
THANK YOU!
Thank you!
THANK YOU! WOWPatriots are already lining the street spending the night to make sure they can hear from President Trump tomorrow in Arizona.HISTORY WILL BE MADE!Be there!http://TPACTION.com/TRUMP
THANK YOU!!!
THANK YOU!!! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
The “Sentencing” for not having done anything wrong will be, conveniently for the Fascists, 4 days before the Republican National Convention. A Radical Left Soros backed D.A., who ran on a platform of “I will get Trump,” reporting to an “Acting” Local Judge, appointed by the Democrats, who is HIGHLY CONFLICTED, will make a decision which will determine the future of our Nation? The United States Supreme Court MUST DECIDE!
The "suckers and losers" fabrication by General John Kelly  ( FIRED for disloyalty "is recycled by Joe Biden. 19 other eye witnesses say @realDonaldTrump never said it .  Trump spent his own personal money long before he ran for president to pay for a parade in New York City to honor the returning service people from Desert Storm .Does that sound like a guy who disrespects our great Military and Veterans? #trumo2024
The 2024 GOP Platform to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN was overwhelmingly approved by the Rules Committee - Thank you to Chairwoman Marsha Blackburn and Vice Chair Michael Waltz for their tireless work to PUT AMERICA FIRST. Ours is a forward-looking Agenda with strong promises that we will accomplish very quickly when we win the White House and Republican Majorities in the House and Senate. We are, quite simply, the Party of Common Sense! America needs determined Republican Leadership at every level of Government to address the core threats to our very survival: Our disastrously Open Border, our weakened Economy, Inflation, crippling restrictions on American Energy Production, our depleted Military, attacks on the American System of Justice, the Weaponization of Politics, and much more….
The Biden/Harris Administration did not properly protect me, and I was forced to take a bullet for Democracy. IT WAS MY GREAT HONOR TO DO SO!
The bookkeeping error that I am being incorrectly and unconstitutionally prosecuted for is the fact that a bookkeeper, innocently and correctly, called a “Legal Expense” paid to a lawyer, a “Legal Expense.” IN EVEN SIMPLER WORDS, I CALLED A LEGAL EXPENSE, A LEGAL EXPENSE. WHAT THE HELL ELSE WOULD YOU CALL IT? A BIDEN INSPIRED ELECTION INTERFERENCE HOAX!!!
The Border Bill is one of the worst ever written, would have allowed millions of people into our Country, and it’s only a political ploy by her! It legalizes Illegal Immigration, and is a TOTAL DISASTER, WEAK AND INEFFECTIVE! She doesn’t need a Bill. As President, Crooked Joe and her could have just said, “CLOSE THE BORDER!” like I did – I didn’t have a Bill, I didn’t need a Bill. The Border Patrol respected me, they did their job. We had the Safest Border in Recorded History!
The Chaos and Calamity is allowing our Country to be infiltrated by Millions of Criminals!
The City of New York’s D.A., Alvin Bragg, is trying to prosecute a Federal case, which cannot be done, and where there is NO CRIME, that has been turned down by everyone, including the Federal Elections Commission, SDNY, the D.A.’s Office, and Bragg himself - Until I announced that I was running for President. This case could have been brought 7 years ago, but wasn’t. It is another Crooked Joe Biden Election Interference Hoax!
The Democrats pick a candidate, Crooked Joe Biden, he loses the Debate badly, then panics, and makes mistake after mistake, is told he can’t win, and decide they will pick another candidate, probably Harris. They stole the race from Biden after he won it in the primaries — A First! These people are the real THREAT TO DEMOCRACY!
The discord and division in our society must be healed. As Americans, we are bound together by a single fate and a shared destiny. We rise together. Or we fall apart. I am running to be president for ALL of America, not half of America, because there is no victory in winning for half of America.
The ENTHUSIASM is on the side of the REPUBLICAN PARTY!
The first Debate with Kamala Harris, for President of the United States of America, will be with FoxNews on September 4th, 2024, LIVE from beautiful Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The second Debate will take place on Fake News ABC, home of George Slopadopoulos, to be anchored by David Muir, on September 10th, 2024, at Independence Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The third Debate will take place on NBC, in Grand Rapids, Michigan, on September 25th, 2024, to be anchored by Lester Holt - Details to follow. I look forward to seeing Kamala at all three Debates! DJT
The first time since they started keeping track that there are more Republicans than Democrats—and it’s solely because of President Donald J. Trump!
The Great Brian Jack joined my Campaign in 2016, and has diligently worked by my side for the last 8 years, serving with distinction as my White House Political Director in helping to enact our America First agenda that delivered historic results for the American People. Brian is a man of Loyalty, Honesty, and Integrity, and will never let the fabulous people of Georgia’s 3rd Congressional District down. He will fight tirelessly to Secure our Border, Stop Inflation, Lower Taxes, Support our Great Military/Vets, Restore American Energy Dominance, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment. Brian Jack has my Complete and Total Endorsement - HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
The Harris-Biden botched Afghanistan withdrawal was the single most embarrassing day in the history of our Country...
The Hostage Crisis in Israel is only taking place because Comrade Kamala Harris is weak and ineffective, and has no idea what she’s doing. I look forward to seeing her at the Debate! Biden failed, and now he spends his day on the beach, plotting and scheming how to take out his once Political Opponent, ME, who took him out both at the Debate, and otherwise. THE OCTOBER 7th ISRAELI CRISIS WOULD NEVER HAVE HAPPENED IF I WERE PRESIDENT!
The Indictment Is The CrimeDeranged Jack’s a criminalUsing power to slayThat which is inevitableTrump has won the DayElection InterferenceIs the real crimeTrump has proof of innocenceHis accusers are real slimePolitical prisonersProve we are at warMaking Trump a prisonerIs how They hope to score This shows Their evil coreDianeLight 8/1/23ONE OF TRUMP’S LOYAL POETS@realDonaldTrump #ElectionInterference #Trump2024 #FJB #SecondAmericanRevolution #GodWins #ArrestJackSmith #USCrimeSyndicate #JackAss
The Manhattan D.A. Witch Hunt has been postponed because everyone realizes that there was NO CASE, I DID NOTHING WRONG! It is a political attack against me by Comrade Kamala Harris and other Radical Left Opponents for purposes of Election Interference, and is a case that should have never been brought. Nothing like this has ever happened in the United States of America – IT IS STRICTLY THIRD WORLD, BANANA REPUBLIC “STUFF.” Importantly, The Public understands this, and so does every Legal Scholar, Expert, and Luminary, including Andy McCarthy, Jonathan Turley, Alan Dershowitz, Mark Levin, Steven Calabresi, David Rivkin, Gregg Jarrett, Katie and Andrew Cherkasky, Elie Honig, and many others. I greatly appreciate the words “if necessary” being utilized in the Decision, because there should be no “if necessary” - This case should be rightfully terminated, as we prepare for the Most Important Election in the History of our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The most important election ever!!! #Trump2024 #TooBigToRig
The NABJ event that I went to the other day was attended by a lot of really great people. The support that they gave me, and are still giving me, is very special. Thank you!!!
The New York Post: “HOW NON-CITIZENS ARE GETTING VOTER REGISTRATION FORMS ACROSS THE U.S. —WELFARE OFFICES AND OTHER AGENCIES IN 49 U.S. STATES ARE PROVIDING VOTER REGISTRATION FORMS TO MIGRANTS WITHOUT REQUIRING PROOF OF CITIZENSHIP…” This is terrible, and the reason they want millions of people, many of them criminals, to pour into our Country. They are also using the big government agencies as campaign factories for “get out the illegal vote.” WHERE HAS OUR COUNTRY GONE? IT IS SO SICK AND TIRED. THE DEMOCRATS HAVE NO SHAME. WE MUST STOP THIS IN THE COURTS, IMMEDIATELY!!!
The New York Post: Left wing fact checker admits Trump never called Charlottesville neo-Nazis ‘very fine people’: "The left-leaning fact checking website Snopes acknowledged Saturday that former President Trump never called neo-Nazis 'very fine people'...President Biden was chief among those critics, citing the supposed incident as a main reason for launching his 2020 campaign. While Trump did say that there were 'very fine people on both sides,' he also specifically noted that he was not talking about neo-Nazis and white supremacists and said they should be 'condemned totally.' Therefore, we have rated this claim 'False,' Snopes wrote."
The only reason Crooked Joe can play games with NATO is because I got them to put up hundreds of billions of dollars…
The other big news is the fraud committed by 60 Minutes and CBS, together with the Democrat Party, working with them. This will go down as the single biggest scandal in broadcast history…
The overflow crowd in St. Cloud, Minnesota tonight. THANK YOU—MAGA2024!!! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
The plane is maxed out speed wise, will be landing in Traverse City, Michigan shortly! Join me LIVE on @RSBN, @OAN, @NewsMax, @realAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v5k4525-live-president-trump-in-traverse-city-mi.html
The question every voter should be asking themselves today is NOT whether Joe Biden can survive a 90 minute debate performance—but whether America can survive 4 more years of Crooked Joe Biden in the White House…The fact is, I don’t know if it can survive five more months. We are in great danger during what will be a transition period…We have never been so close to World War III before and if it happens, this will be a war like no other!
The Radical Left Lunatics always attack our Brilliant and Fair Judges and Justices. That’s the name of the game - They think they’ll “cower,” and give them decisions that they don’t deserve. They “play the Ref,” and what they do is probably illegal, but they don’t care. It is the Great, Strong Willed, and Brilliant Judges and Justices of our Country who will lead us back to Greatness! https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-smearing-of-judge-aileen-cannon-documents-case-trump-special-counsel-5e04b241
The Radical Left protesters in Chicago are going after the Democrat Party because the know they are weak and ready to break into a full blown party of Socialism or, if they really do their job, and with a little bit of luck, the Communist Party of the United States of America. They are already very close and, having a Marxist trained and believing President whose father is a Marxist professor, Comrade Kamala Harris, stranger things have happened! November 5th, 2024, will be the most important day in the history of our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act was passed AFTER the Great Depression had already started. If you want to study Tariffs, and how powerful they are, study the administration of President William McKinley. America had so much money they didn’t know what to do with it!
The St. Louis Cardinals appear to celebrate a home run with a "Fight! Fight! Fight!" salute to Donald Trump.One hand over the right ear and a raised fist. The Cards just might win it all(@KylenaBecker via X) https://citizenfreepress.com/
THE SUPREME COURT DECISION IS A MUCH MORE POWERFUL ONE THAN SOME HAD EXPECTED IT TO BE. IT IS BRILLIANTLY WRITTEN AND WISE, AND CLEARS THE STENCH FROM THE BIDEN TRIALS AND HOAXES, ALL OF THEM, THAT HAVE BEEN USED AS AN UNFAIR ATTACK ON CROOKED JOE BIDEN’S POLITICAL OPPONENT, ME. MANY OF THESE FAKE CASES WILL NOW DISAPPEAR, OR WITHER INTO OBSCURITY. GOD BLESS AMERICA!
The Trump Club of St. John’s County has been with me from the very beginning, and never stopped working to deliver Big Victories for our MAGA Movement. They have Endorsed three GREAT Fighters for Re-Election to the St. John’s County Commission - Christian Whitehurst, Roy Alaimo, and Henry Dean. These America First Patriots have been with us all the way, and will work hard to Grow the Economy, Keep your Families Safe, Strongly Support our Military/Vets, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment. Christian Whitehurst, Roy Alaimo, and Henry Dean have my Complete and Total Endorsement - They will never let you down!
The typical mortgage payment has tripled since I left office…This KILLS the American dream for young people…
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL - OPINION. ALVIN BRAGG HASN’T PROVED HIS CASE IN THE TRUMP TRIAL. THE EVIDENCE SHOWS WHY THE CHARGES SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN BROUGHT. New York Prosecutors rested their hush-money case against Donald Trump this week, but after 20 days in Court, and a trial transcript of 4000 pages, the missing piece is still missing. The question is whether Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg presented the evidence necessary for a conviction, and if we were in the jury room, we’d say NO.
The Washington Post is absolutely blowing up with Fake Stories! They ought to clean up their act - Start writing the TRUTH, and maybe they’d get some of their Readers back, considering that they’ve lost over 50% in just a short period of time. They have fools and stupid people, like Eugene Robinson, who are in no way qualified to be doing what they are doing. The Washington Post is on its last leg, there’s no reason for them anymore. They’re very untruthful, and you get your News from many other far more reliable sources, including those found on the  Internet. You would think Bezos, who is losing more than $100 Million a year on that “RAG,” would want to at least see REAL Journalism, not Fake Stories that do nothing but hurt and demean our Country. MAGA2024! https://www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/2024/06/16/washington-post-editor-robert-winnett/
There was no conflict or “fighting” at Arlington National Cemetery last week. It was a made up story by Comrade Kamala and her misinformation squad. She made it all up to make up for the fact that she and Sleepy Joe have BLOOD ON THEIR HANDS for the INCOMPETENT AFGHANISTAN Withdrawal - THE MOST EMBARRASSING DAY IN U.S. HISTORY!!! They should have been at Arlington, not on a beach or studying for a Debate. Thank you to my friends, the GREAT GOLD STAR FAMILIES, for revealing the TRUTH OF A BEAUTIFUL DAY OF HONOR. Could not have been a nicer moment-And there were no fights or problems, only in the heads of those that are destroying our Country! MAGA2024
There's never been a president like this...he's destroying our Country at the Border...He's allowing terrorists to flood into our Country...You're going to have 20 million people by the time he hopefully gets out! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
These MAJOR revelations and the fact, as recently confirmed by the Great John Solomon and the STRONG work of Congressman Barry Loudermilk and Republicans on the House Oversight Committee, that the Deep State chose to DISREGARD my direct authorization of at least 10,000 National Guard Troops to ensure that Washington, D.C., was safe and secure on January 6th, automatically END the Sham J6 Civil Hoaxes and the lawless D.C. Case brought by Deranged Jack Smith, which has already been DEMOLISHED by the United States Supreme Court’s Historic Immunity and Fischer Decisions. I called for everyone to act PEACEFULLY and PATRIOTICALLY, and demanded that D.C. be PROTECTED. We have to END the Witch Hunts and restore our broken Justice System! https://justthenews.com/accountability/watchdogs/bombshell-transcripts-trump-urged-use-troops-protect-capitol-jan-6-was
THEY SHOULD BE GOING TO JAIL ON MONDAY NOT STEVE BANNON!WHERE IS THE EVIDENCE!TRUTH
They’re blaming all of Crooked Joe Biden’s problems on me, including his really bad performance in the Debate. Some say that I was not respectful of him, and he just plain “choked.” Actually, I tried being as nice as possible considering that this is the man who has systematically destroyed our Country, and the man who has WEAPONIZED his Justice Department, doing everything possible to put his Political Opponent, me, in jail. Why should I be “nice” to him? He said he “just had a bad night,” and I hope, for the good of the Country, that he is right. But his performance since that very eventful Debate evening has not exactly been stellar. Yesterday, before his News Conference, he made an unpardonable gaffe, introducing President Zelenskyy as President Putin. Despite all of this, he shouldn’t allow complete losers like George Clooney, under the total auspices and control of Barack Hussein Obama, to push him out of office. That must be his decision, and his decision alone. Good luck Joe!
Things on the campaign against the Communist Left are going very well, but the World is now a very dangerous place. Kamala (and Joe!) is unable to answer even the simplest of questions. It’s CRAZY! If she can’t do that, how can she represent us on stopping World War lll? The answer is simple, she can’t! MAGA2024
This Election is about the ECONOMY, INFLATION, OPEN BORDERS (ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION), RESPECT FOR OUR NATION, PREVENTING WORLD WAR lll AND A 1929 STYLE DEPRESSION…
THIS IS A SHOCKING PICK!
This is an incredible group of people. Thank you—I love you all! DJT
THIS IS NOW AMERICA!YOU ARE EITHER ONE OR THE OTHER THERE IS NO IN BETWEEN!TRUTH!
This is the most Radical Left duo in American history. There has never been anything like it, and there never will be again. Crazy Kamabla is, indeed, CRAZY. I HEAR THERE IS A BIG MOVEMENT TO “BRING BACK CROOKED JOE.”
This is the third anniversary of the BOTCHED Afghanistan withdrawal, the most EMBARRASSING moment in the history of our Country. Gross Incompetence - 13 DEAD American soldiers, hundreds of people wounded and dead, AMERICANS and BILLIONS OF DOLLARS OF MILITARY EQUIPMENT LEFT BEHIND. You don’t take our soldiers out first, you take them out LAST, when all else is successfully done. Russia then invaded Ukraine, Israel was attacked, and the USA became, and is, a laughing stock all over the World. THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA REMAINS SILENT IN ORDER TO PROTECT THE WORST ADMINISTRATION IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! MAGA2024
This New American Industrialism will create millions of jobs, massively raise wages for American workers, and make the United States into a manufacturing powerhouse. We will be able to build ships again. We will be able to build airplanes again. We will become the world leader in Robotics, and the U.S. auto industry will once again be the envy of the planet!
THIS WAS A BIG, IMPORTANT, AND EVEN STARTLING EVENT, AND YET MUCH OF THE LAMESTREAM NETWORK MEDIA REFUSED TO COVER IT. Gee, I wonder why??? https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/president-trumps-electrifying-south-bronx-rally-captivates-the-media-with-stunning-images-of-25000-new-york-patriots/
Those who are trying to break Donald Trump … do not know Donald Trump
Tiffany Smiley is a tremendous America First Candidate running to represent the Great People of Washington’s 4th Congressional District! A Triage Nurse, Veterans Advocate, Army Wife, Loving Mother, and a Strong Supporter of our Movement to Make America Great Again, Tiffany will be an INCREDIBLE Fighter in Congress who will work hard to Stop Inflation, Grow our Economy, Secure our Border, Strengthen our Incredible Military/Vets, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Likewise, Jerrod Sessler, who I have Endorsed in the past, would be fantastic, fighting for the same things that Tiffany, and I, want for our Country. They are both running against a weak and pathetic RINO, Dan Newhouse, who stupidly voted to impeach me for absolutely no reason, and he now strongly wishes he didn’t make that Decision. The other Impeachers are mostly all gone, a good thing for the U.S.A….
TIME TO EXPOSE THIS COUP AGAINST AMERICA!BRING DOWN THE ENTIRE SOROS FAMILY AND ALL THESE TREASONOUS TRAITORS THAT HE FUNDS!
Today, I am going to INSPECT THE SOUTHERN BORDER and to meet with the Victims whose Loved Ones were attacked and murdered by Illegal Aliens set free into America by Comrade Kamala Harris, the Radical Left Democrat Presidential Candidate who didn’t receive one Vote and, in her earlier attempt to win against Crooked Joe Biden, was the first one out of 22 people to quit the Race, and never even made it to the first State, Iowa. The choice in November is simple: Comrade Kamala Harris will bring in hundreds of thousands more Illegal Alien Rapists, Drug Dealers, and Killers, but President Donald J. Trump will keep these same people out of our Country, and send them back to their Countries where they belong. “I WILL KEEP AMERICA SAFE! UNDER COMRADE KAMALA, AMERICA WILL BE THE MOST DANGEROUS COUNTRY ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD. IT WILL REVERT TO THIRD WORLD STATUS VERY QUICKLY!”
Today, we honor the immortal heroes who landed at Normandy 80 years ago. The men of D-Day will live forever in history as among the bravest, noblest, and greatest Americans ever to walk the earth. They shed their blood, and thousands gave their lives, in defense of American Freedom. They are in our hearts today and for all time.
Today’s Attack on Israel cannot be forgotten. It will go down as another moment in History created by a weak and ineffective United States President and Vice President. With time, this situation will only get worse for our Country. It must galvanize the Republican Party, Democrats, Independents, Conservatives, Progressives, Libertarians, and everybody else to put STRENGTH, RESPECT, AND POWER back into the U.S.A. This Attack, just like the Attack of October 7th, or the Ukraine/Russia War, would have never happened if I were President! It is a dangerous and terrible time for the World, and it is almost the entire fault of the incompetent Biden-Harris Administration. It must be changed, and quickly. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today’s Historic Decision by the Supreme Court should end all of Crooked Joe Biden’s Witch Hunts against me, including the New York Hoaxes - The Manhattan SCAM cooked up by Soros backed D.A., Alvin Bragg, Racist New York Attorney General Tish James’ shameless ATTACK on the amazing business that I have built, and the FAKE Bergdorf’s “case.” PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN!
Todd Rokita is the strong and highly popular Attorney General of Indiana, a State that I love and won by BIG numbers in 2016 and 2020. Todd is a Fighter and is working hard to Protect our Incredible Police Officers, Secure the Border, Defend the Second Amendment, Uphold the Rule of Law, and Stop the Radical Left’s Woke Ideology in the classroom. Todd Rokita has my Complete and Total Endorsement - HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
𝗧𝗢𝗚𝗘𝗧𝗛𝗘𝗥…𝗪𝗲 𝘄𝗶𝗹𝗹 𝗠𝗮𝗸𝗲 𝗔𝗺𝗲𝗿𝗶𝗰𝗮 𝗣𝗢𝗪𝗘𝗥𝗙𝗨𝗟 𝗔𝗴𝗮𝗶𝗻.𝗪𝗲 𝘄𝗶𝗹𝗹 𝗠𝗮𝗸𝗲 𝗔𝗺𝗲𝗿𝗶𝗰𝗮 𝗪𝗘𝗔𝗟𝗧𝗛𝗬 𝗔𝗴𝗮𝗶𝗻.𝗪𝗲 𝘄𝗶𝗹𝗹 𝗠𝗮𝗸𝗲 𝗔𝗺𝗲𝗿𝗶𝗰𝗮 𝗦𝗧𝗥𝗢𝗡𝗚 𝗔𝗴𝗮𝗶𝗻.𝗪𝗲 𝘄𝗶𝗹𝗹 𝗠𝗮𝗸𝗲 𝗔𝗺𝗲𝗿𝗶𝗰𝗮 𝗣𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗗 𝗔𝗴𝗮𝗶𝗻.𝗪𝗲 𝘄𝗶𝗹𝗹 𝗠𝗮𝗸𝗲 𝗔𝗺𝗲𝗿𝗶𝗰𝗮 𝗦𝗔𝗙𝗘 𝗔𝗴𝗮𝗶𝗻.𝗪𝗲 𝘄𝗶𝗹𝗹 𝗠𝗮𝗸𝗲 𝗔𝗺𝗲𝗿𝗶𝗰𝗮 𝗚𝗥𝗘𝗔𝗧 𝗔𝗴𝗮𝗶𝗻!!!https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
Tom Emmer is a fantastic Representative of Minnesota’s 6th Congressional District, and is doing an incredible job as the Majority Whip of the U.S. House of Representatives. Tom has worked with us really well over the past 6 months, because he understands we can win Minnesota for the first time since 1972 - although I think we did really well last time! Tom is fighting hard to Secure our Borders, Stop Illegal Immigration, Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes, and Protect and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment. Tom Emmer has my Complete and Total Endorsement. MINNESOTA, GET OUT AND VOTE!
Tomorrow is our last chance to defeat the corrupt establishment. GET OUT AND VOTE! https://swampthevoteusa.com/
Tomorrow, I will be going to the Southern Border to address the plague of Migrant Crime and Migrant Rape that so-called Border Czar, Comrade Kamala Harris, has unleashed on America. This nightmare ends, and ends immediately, with our VICTORY in November!
Tonight on Life, Liberty & Levin on Fox, 8PM Eastern. Pete Hegseth and Brent Bozell. DVR it if you can’t watch live.https://rumble.com/v5c9ts5-pete-hegseth-kamala-harris-is-a-marxist-ideologue.html?mref=ah9c7&mc=cfcoh
TONIGHT: President Donald Trump hosts a town hall event at the Dort Financial Center in Flint, Michigan. Watch it LIVE on NEWSMAX2. https://youtube.com/live/V_HdXJKWNoY?feature=share
TOO BIG TO RIG!
Trial Attorney Randy Zelin, CNN: “There is reasonable doubt all over this case.”
TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME
Trump Force 47 is the official army of volunteer neighborhood organizers working together to defeat Kamala Harris and the far-left liberal democrats. Your small time commitment will have a big impact on the outcome of November's elections—join today! https://trumpforce47.com/
TRUMP IN PHILLYCheck out our sizzle reel from today's live coverage of President @realDonaldTrump's Save America Rally in Philadelphia, PA. @brian Watch our full live coverage: https://rumble.com/v52yjj2-president-trump-hosts-maga-rally-in-philadelphia-pa.html
Trump Media & Technology Group Announces Successful Launch of TV Streaming on iOS Devices https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/08/07/2925939/0/en/Trump-Media-Technology-Group-Announces-Successful-Launch-of-TV-Streaming-on-iOS-Devices.html
TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL, MIAMI! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
Trump on endorsements in Arizona, 10 for 10! MAGA2024!!!
Trump on Hunter Biden’s laptop: “It had NOTHING to do with Russia. It only had to do with HUNTER.”WATCH LIVE:  https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/live-president-trump-speaks-at-the-peoples-convention-in-detroit-6-15-24/
Trump went into the deepest of blue cities, Detroit, got the endorsement of a former mayor and went to a Black church. Then he had a conversation about how the open border is disproportionately hurting minority families. It’s unprecedented strategy for a Republican.  https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/all-things-trump/trump-says-illegali-immigration-harming-black-hispanic-voters
Trump woos Michigan voters, warns illegal immigration harming black, Hispanic votersFormer president was urting minority voters and conservatives at two different events in battleground state.https://americasvoice.news/justthenews/trump-says-illegali-immigration-harming-black-hispanic-voters/
Trump: "A vote for Comrade Kamala Harris is a vote to obliterate Israel."
Trump’s Rescue Mission: Saving America is the film Kamala Harris and her allies in the biased media don’t want you to see. With an incredible cast, it dares to tell the truth about Kamala’s radical left-wing agenda. Thank you to my friend, @DaveBossie—This is a must see, go to: https://citizensunitedmovies.com/pages/trumpsavesamericamovie
TRUTH SOCIAL IS GREAT. THE REAL VOICE OF AMERICA!
TULSI GABBARD JOINS JUDGE JEANINE—THANK YOU, TULSI!
TUNE IN: Actor & Comedian Rob Schneider joins Rob to discuss the threat to our First Amendment rights this election season. Watch TONIGHT at 8 PM ET, only on NEWSMAX. More: http://newsmaxtv.com/finnertyWatch live online with NEWSMAX+! Get your free trial at http://newsmaxplus.com
TUNE IN: Don’t miss LIVE coverage of President Trump’s remarks at the Economic Club of New York on “Newsline” — TODAY at 12 PM ET on NEWSMAX. WATCH: https://www.newsmaxtv.com/findus
TUNE IN: Don't miss President Trump's big rally in Greenville, N.C.! Live coverage starts today at 3 PM ET on NEWSMAX. More: http://newsmaxtv.com/trumprally
UnConstitutional Raid of Mar-a-Lago!
Under Radical Democrat policies, the U.S. Auto Industry is being decimated, while China builds massive Automobile Manufacturing facilities in Mexico to pillage our jobs and send their product back into the United States tax free. I stopped it four years ago, and I will stop it again. When I am back in the White House, the way they will sell their product in AMERICA is to BUILD it in AMERICA, and ONLY in AMERICA. We will BUILD AMERICAN, BUY AMERICAN, and HIRE AMERICAN! https://rumble.com/v57pc85-live-president-donald-trump-and-vp-nominee-senator-jd-vance-ingrand-rapids
Under Radical Democrat policies, the U.S. Auto Industry is being decimated, while China builds massive Automobile Manufacturing facilities in Mexico to pillage our jobs and send their product back into the United States tax free. I stopped it four years ago, and I will stop it again. When I am back in the White House, the way they will sell their product in AMERICA is to BUILD it in AMERICA, and ONLY in AMERICA. We will BUILD AMERICAN, BUY AMERICAN, and HIRE AMERICAN! https://rumble.com/v57pc85-live-president-donald-trump-and-vp-nominee-senator-jd-vance-ingrand-rapids
UNITE AMERICA!
Unlike Kamala Harris, under my leadership, we will NEVER defund the police—and we will give our heroes the protection, resources, and RESPECT they so dearly deserve!
Up 6 points in the Rasmussen Poll. I WON THE DEBATE! A nice lead over the Marxist Candidate, Comrade Kamala Harris, who had a very hard time yesterday answering the simplest of questions in Pennsylvania, where she will end Fracking. It was A WORD SALAD, A REAL MESS!
Update on President Trump’s recovery from the bullet wound to his ear.
USA—USA—USA
Very unfair that I am not being allowed to Campaign. Crooked Joe Biden Witch Hunt. Third World Country!!!
VOTE TRUMP, and you will see a mass exodus of manufacturing from China to Pennsylvania, from Korea to North Carolina—and from Germany to right here in Georgia! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
Wall Street Journal reporter Evan Gershkovich was just sentenced to 16 years in prison by a Russian Court. Biden will NEVER GET HIM OUT, unless he pays a “king’s ransom.” I will get him out FOR NO COMPENSATION immediately following our victory on November 5th, and it will be my great honor to do so. Vote for TRUMP, and The Wall Street Journal should STOP BEING STUPID!!!
Walz is taking so many notes - Never seen a Candidate take more! He needs the notes to keep his brain intact.
Walz made a very big mistake on Gun Shooters. Does anyone think he knows what he said? Will he have a News Conference after the Debate to apologize to the parents and others who were so horribly hurt?
WARNING
Watch Liz MacDonald’s Show, The Evening Edit, on Fox Business, NOW – Doing a Story on Deranged Jack Smith, one of the Top 10 Sickest and Most Demented Prosecutors in American History.
WATCH: President Trump dances as he wraps up MASSIVE Philadelphia rallyWATCH LIVE:  https://www.rsbnetwork.com/shows/live-president-trump-holds-a-maga-rally-in-philadelphia-6-22-24/
WATCH: President Trump takes stage at MASSIVE townhall in La Crosse, WisconsinWATCH LIVE:  https://www.rsbnetwork.com/video/live-president-trump-hosts-a-town-hall-in-la-crosse-wi-8-29-24/#google_vignette
We  Trump
WE ARE GOING TO MAKE IT TOO BIG TO RIG—MAGA2024!!! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
WE ARE LIVING HISTORY, and there is no better way to envision the future than to remember what has brought us to this moment. My newest Book, SAVE AMERICA, illustrates this incredible journey, from our first term in the White House, to our Historic Third Campaign taking place right now. Get your copy of SAVE AMERICA, today, at https://45books.com/.
We are living through a remarkable period which is worthy of humbly thanking God. These last few months have almost had providential actions, which no one could have predicted. Presidents Lincoln and Washington both had the sense that the hand of God created and then preserved the Union. We may be entering a similar process since the core crisis of the country has reached historic proportions and President @realDonaldTrump is the only agent strong enough to rebuild America.
We are now heading to Valdosta, Georgia, in order to pay my respects and bring lots of relief material, including fuel, equipment, water, and other things, to the State. Many politicians and Law Enforcement will be there. We’ll be saying hello to Franklin Graham, Burt Jones, Tyler Harper, Mike Collins, Austin Scott, Russ Goodman, Sam Watson, and the Mayor of Valdosta Scott James. They are working very hard. I was also going to stop into North Carolina, which has really been hit hard. I have a lot of supplies ready for them, but access and communication is now restricted, and we want to make sure that Local Emergency Management is able to focus on helping the people most affected, and not being concerned with me. I’ll be there shortly, but don’t like the reports that I’m getting about the Federal Government, and the Democrat Governor of the State, going out of their way to not help people in Republican areas. MAGA!
We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, and we will never, ever surrender. Together, we will FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT, and VOTE, VOTE, VOTE. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our Country! https://swampthevoteusa.com/
We grieve the senseless death of the Israeli Hostages, horrifically including a wonderful American Citizen, Hersh Goldberg-Polin, murdered by Hamas due to a complete lack of American Strength and Leadership. Make no mistake - This happened because Comrade Kamala Harris and Crooked Joe Biden are poor Leaders. Americans are getting slaughtered overseas, while Kamala is disparaging and making up lies about Gold Star families, and Biden is sleeping on the beach on this 16th consecutive day of vacation. They have blood on their hands! Sadly, this is the total lack of “Leadership” that Kamala and Biden represent - One that allows terrorists to take American lives, because they only care about Weaponizing the Department of Justice against their Political Opponent. Just like the Debacle of the Afghanistan Withdrawal that claimed 13 American lives, Kamala and Biden’s judgment has not only put lives at risk, but is directly responsible for unnecessary deaths that should have never happened….
We had to turn away lots of people yesterday in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, but Comrade Kamala Harris’ Social Media Operation showed empty seats, long before the Rally started, early in the afternoon when, in actuality, we had to turn away 11,500 people! She’s a Crooked Radical Left Politician, and always will be! Everything she touches turns bad, just like California, and San Francisco before it - as is the case with all Marxists. She should have never been Vice President, and had to stage a COUP of Joe Biden, with her America-hating friends, Barrack Hussein Obama, Crazy Nancy Pelosi, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, and the rest. Comrade Kamala is a STONE COLD LOSER, she will FAIL and, if she doesn’t, our Country will cease to exist as we know it, turning into a Communist, Crime Ridden Garbage Dump. November 5th will be the Most Important Date in the History of the U.S.A. It’s as simple as that!…
We have a very important Republican Primary Election on Tuesday for Arizona's 8th Congressional District, with two spectacular America First Candidates. Blake Masters is a very successful businessman, and an incredibly strong supporter of our Movement to Make America Great Again - He is smart and tough! Likewise, Abe Hamadeh, a Veteran, former prosecutor, and fearless fighter for Election Integrity, has been with me all the way! In Congress, we need a true Warrior who will work tirelessly with us to Grow our Economy, Stop Inflation, Secure our Border, End Migrant Crime, Support our Great Military/Vets, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment - They will both be spectacular, and I’m pleased to announce that both Blake Masters and Abe Hamadeh have my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Congressman of Arizona’s 8th Congressional District — THEY WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
We have lost over 125,000 family farms since Crooked Joe Biden, and his even more incompetent Vice President, Crazy Kamala Harris, took over our government. THEY HATE OUR FARMERS, AND WANT THEM DRIVEN OUT OF BUSINESS — WHICH IS EXACTLY WHAT THEY ARE DOING!!! FARMERS FOR TRUMP = MAGA2024! VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!
WE WILL FIGHT FOR OUR CONSTITUTION—THIS IS LONG FROM OVER! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
WE WILL FIGHT FOR OUR CONSTITUTION—THIS IS LONG FROM OVER! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
WE’RE FIGHTING FOR AMERICA! https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
We’re leading in almost all Polls, in some cases leading by A LOT, despite the fact that the Fake News is pulling out all stops for their Radical Left San Francisco Liberal, Kamala Harris. In 2016, we did well, and WON. In 2020, we got Millions of more Votes and actually did much better than 2016, but nothing compares to this year, 2024. The Enthusiasm is GREAT, and the Management Team, headed up by Susie Wiles and Chris LaCivita, is THE BEST. Many people want to join the Campaign for the final push, some from the first two Campaigns - And we want as many as we can get! I am pleased to announce that Corey Lewandowski, who was very involved in 2016, will be coming on board as a Senior Advisor. Others, likewise, are joining us. They’ll be announced soon! Again, these 82 days will go down as the Most Important in Campaign History, and November 5th will be the Most Important Day in the History of our Country. We are a Nation in Decline, but we will soon be a Great Nation again! MAGA2024
We're proud to announce episodes 1 and 2 of “Art of the Surge” are now LIVE.This is the first of a multi-part documentary series that provides a glimpse into the Trump campaign, including never-before-seen footage of the assassination attempt on Donald Trump’s life in Butler, PA.Watch it on https://tuckercarlson.com/.
WEAK, FAILED, DANGEROUSLY LIBERAL…
What a GREAT RALLY at Trump National DORAL (Miami) last night. WOW, it was really Special — the Enthusiasm was off the chart. Amazing crowd! Thank you to everyone who made it happen!!!
What happened the day after VP Harris met with Vladimir Putin??? The answer tells you everything you need to know about her abilities in national security and preventing global wars…@realDonaldTrump don’t mess around
What I've gone through, no one has ever gone through...I have been under siege! Nobody has ever seen anything like this in this Country—we've become a Banana Republic. https://www.DonaldJTrump.com
When Iranian hackers tried to send Trump dirt to Joe Biden, they also sent a powerful message to voters: the world’s most notorious state sponsor of terrorism (Khobar Towers to Oct. 7) prefers the Biden-Harris-Democrat policy of appeasement over Trump. https://justthenews.com/government/security/intel-community-iran-hackers-tried-pass-hacked-trump-campaign-information-biden
WHEN WE GET KNOCKED DOWN, WE DON’T STAY DOWN—WE GET UP AGAIN.WE FIGHT!WE FIGHT!!WE FIGHT!!!https://swampthevoteusa.com/
Who is negotiating for us in the Middle East? Bombs are dropping all over the place! Sleepy Joe is sleeping on a Beach in California, viciously Exiled by the Democrats, and Comrade Kamala is doing a campaign bus tour with Tampon Tim, her really bad V.P. Pick. Let’s not have World War lll, because that’s where we’re heading!
Who needs RINO FoxNews when you have President @realdonaldtrump and all the most awesome PATRIOTS on #TruthSocial ? There's nothing better than right here where the truth flows all day, every day. WE ARE THE NEWS NOW!#NCSWIC #WeAreTheNewsNow #TNN #Truth #WWG1WGA #WeStandUnited #TrumpTough #InItTogether #PatriotsUnited #TheGreatAwakening #WeLoveTrump #WeLoveTruth #WeWillWin #Together #GodWins #ForGodAndCountry #ForHumanity
Why didn’t Gavin Newscum do this a long time ago? He’s only doing it because, just like Crooked Joe Biden, his Radical Left Democrat Presidential Candidate, Lyin’ Kamala Harris, is losing BIG in the Polls. They just did it for Political Reasons, because she comes from California, and looks terrible. Right after the Election, it will go back to SLUM LIKE condition, unless we WIN — THEN, AMERICA WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!
Why does Fox put this FRAUDULENT LIAR on Television? Why don’t they put the people on that are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? Fox is just as bad as she is!
Why does FoxNews put on Eric Swalwell (Martha!), the total sleazebag Congressman from California? Where is his Chinese Spy girlfriend? What is wrong with FoxNews? It’s RINO Paul Ryan’s fault!
WHY DOES FOXNEWS PUT ON SO MANY  BIDEN PEOPLE, LIKE MICHAEL TYLER,COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR FOR BIDEN, WHO SPEWED LIES WITH VERY LITTLE PUSHBACK? AMAZING!!!
Wildwood, NJ.  Nothing can stop what is coming.
Will be heading to D.C. later for two big events. See you then!
WILL BE INTERVIEWED ON SEAN HANNITY TONIGHT. 9PM FOX NEWS. ENJOY!
Will be well worth it. We will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will Scharf: “A misdemeanor under this business records fraud statute would have been time barred here, it would have been past the statute of limitations. Alvin Bragg’s team has essentially converted alleged misdemeanor offenses by claiming that the business records fraud was intended to cover up an underlying illegality. It's a very novel use of the statute. We're in somewhat unprecedented legal territory here in terms of the use of this particular statute.”
WILL SEE YOU IN A FEW HOURS, MICHIGAN—MAGA2024! https://rumble.com/v57pc85-live-president-donald-trump-and-vp-nominee-senator-jd-vance-ingrand-rapids-.html
Will see you tonight at 6:00PM Eastern in The Bronx! Join me live on @RSBN, @NewsMax, @RealAmericasVoice, and Donald J. Trump @Rumble, among others. See you soon—MAGA2024!!! https://rumble.com/v4wu1n2-president-trump-in-bronx-ny.html
Wishing everyone a joyous Diwali filled with warmth, light, and prosperity. May this festival bring happiness to your heart, and illuminate your wonderful path forward.
With me as your President, Michigan, THE AUTO MAKING BUSINESS WILL COME ROARING BACK! The car industry will be “over and out” in Michigan if the Democrats get in. If I become your President, again, we will dominate the industry — auto-making plants will return at record levels!
With the long sought termination (52 years!), by everyone, including Republicans, Democrats, Conservatives, Liberals, and virtually all legal scholars and experts, and with the help of six very wise and brave Supreme Court Justices, I was successful in terminating Roe v. Wade - Something which few thought was possible to do! Everyone wanted it to go back to the States, and a VOTE OF THE PEOPLE, and not be in the Federal Government, where it never belonged. I GOT IT DONE, and now people are voting all over the USA. Some of the votes are more Liberal than would have been thought, but the Vote is the Vote! Like Ronald Reagan before me, and 90% of the Republican Party, I BELIEVE IN EXCEPTIONS FOR RAPE, INCEST, AND THE LIFE OF THE MOTHER - On that you must follow your heart! But remember, however, Republicans have to WIN ELECTIONS, AND LEAD OUR COUNTRY BACK TO GREATNESS! Russia is today talking WAR with the USA, we are closer than ever before, and only I can solve this dangerous situation!
Without Presidential Immunity, a President will not be able to properly function, or make decisions, in the best interest of the United States of America. Presidents will always be concerned, and even paralyzed, by the prospect of wrongful prosecution and retaliation, after they leave office. This could actually lead to extortion and blackmail of a President. The other side would say, “If you don’t do something, just the way we want it, we are going to go after you when you leave office, or perhaps even sooner.” A President has to be free to determine what is right for our Country with no undue pressure…
WONDER WHY KAMALA HARRIS WON’T DO INTERVIEWS OR UNSCRIPTED EVENTS?
Wow - JD Vance just absolutely destroyed Wolf Blitzer and CNN
WOW—THANK YOU, LONG ISLAND, NEW YORK. SEE YOU SOON! https://rumble.com/v5fcgh1-live-president-trump-in-uniondale-ny.html
Wow, just watching the Fake News, and they’re doing their very best to turn the Worst President in the History of our Country into a “Brilliant and Heroic Leader” (He was heroic because he quit!), and to turn “Dumb as a Rock” Kamala Harris from a totally failed and insignificant Vice President into a future “Great” President. No, it just doesn’t work that way!
You can make a BIG ELECTION IMPACT with a small time commitment! Join #TrumpForce47 at: https://trumpforce47.com/.
Yvette Herrell is running to once again represent the great people of New Mexico’s 2nd Congressional District. A successful entrepreneur, Yvette knows how to Expand our Economy, Fight Inflation, and Create High-Paying Jobs. She will work hard to Lower Gas Prices, Support our Vets, Strengthen our Military, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Yvette Herrell has my Complete and Total Endorsement!